---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_apt_key Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_apt_key (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `data` (String) The keyfile contents to add to the keyring.
- `file` (String) The path to a keyfile on the remote server to add to the keyring.
- `id` (String) The identifier of the key. Including this allows check mode to correctly report the changed state. If specifying a subkey's id be aware that apt-key does not understand how to remove keys via a subkey id. Specify the primary key's id instead. This parameter is required when O(state) is set to V(absent).
- `keyring` (String) The full path to specific keyring file in C(/etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/).
- `keyserver` (String) The keyserver to retrieve key from.
- `state` (String) Ensures that the key is present (added) or absent (revoked).
- `url` (String) The URL to retrieve key from.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If V(false), SSL certificates for the target url will not be validated. This should only be used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates.

### Read-Only

- `after` (String) List of apt key ids or fingerprints after any modification
- `before` (String) List of apt key ids or fingprints before any modifications
- `fp` (String) Fingerprint of the key to import
- `key_id` (String) calculated key id, it should be same as 'id', but can be different
- `short_id` (String) calculated short key id
