---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_blockinfile Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_blockinfile (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `path` (String) The file to modify. Before Ansible 2.3 this option was only usable as `dest`, `destfile` and `name`.

### Optional

- `append_newline` (Boolean) Append a blank line to the inserted block, if this does not appear at the end of the file. Note that this attribute is not considered when `state` is set to `absent`
- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file including the timestamp information so you can get the original file back if you somehow clobbered it incorrectly.
- `block` (String) The text to insert inside the marker lines. If it is missing or an empty string, the block will be removed as if `state` were specified to `absent`.
- `create` (Boolean) Create a new file if it does not exist.
- `encoding` (String) The character set in which the target file is encoded. For a list of available built-in encodings, see https://docs.python.org/3/library/codecs.html#standard-encodings
- `insertafter` (String) If specified and no begin/ending `marker` lines are found, the block will be inserted after the last match of specified regular expression. A special value is available; `EOF` for inserting the block at the end of the file. If specified regular expression has no matches or no value is passed, `EOF` will be used instead. The presence of the multiline flag (?m) in the regular expression controls whether the match is done line by line or with multiple lines. This behaviour was added in ansible-core 2.14.
- `insertbefore` (String) If specified and no begin/ending `marker` lines are found, the block will be inserted before the last match of specified regular expression. A special value is available; `BOF` for inserting the block at the beginning of the file. If specified regular expression has no matches, the block will be inserted at the end of the file. The presence of the multiline flag (?m) in the regular expression controls whether the match is done line by line or with multiple lines. This behaviour was added in ansible-core 2.14.
- `marker` (String) The marker line template. `{mark}` will be replaced with the values in `marker_begin` (default=`BEGIN`) and `marker_end` (default=`END`). Using a custom marker without the `{mark}` variable may result in the block being repeatedly inserted on subsequent playbook runs. Multi-line markers are not supported and will result in the block being repeatedly inserted on subsequent playbook runs. A newline is automatically appended by the module to `marker_begin` and `marker_end`.
- `marker_begin` (String) This will be inserted at `{mark}` in the opening ansible block `marker`.
- `marker_end` (String) This will be inserted at `{mark}` in the closing ansible block `marker`.
- `prepend_newline` (Boolean) Prepend a blank line to the inserted block, if this does not appear at the beginning of the file. Note that this attribute is not considered when `state` is set to `absent`
- `state` (String) Whether the block should be there or not.
