---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_consul_kv Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_consul_kv (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `key` (String) The key at which the value should be stored.

### Optional

- `cas` (String) Used when acquiring a lock with a session. If the `cas` is `0`, then Consul only puts the key if it does not already exist. If the `cas` value is non-zero, then the key is only set if the index matches the ModifyIndex of that key.
- `datacenter` (String) The name of the datacenter to query. If unspecified, the query defaults to the datacenter of the Consul agent on `host`.
- `flags` (String) Opaque positive integer value that can be passed when setting a value.
- `host` (String) Host of the Consul agent.
- `port` (Number) The port on which the Consul agent is running.
- `recurse` (Boolean) If the key represents a prefix, each entry with the prefix can be retrieved by setting this to `true`.
- `retrieve` (Boolean) If the `state` is `present` and `value` is set, perform a read after setting the value and return this value.
- `scheme` (String) The protocol scheme on which the Consul agent is running.
- `session` (String) The session that should be used to acquire or release a lock associated with a key/value pair.
- `state` (String) The action to take with the supplied key and value. If the state is `present` and `value` is set, the key contents is set to the value supplied and R`ignore:changed` is set to `true` only if the value was different to the current contents. If the state is `present` and `value` is not set, the existing value associated to the key is returned. The state `absent` is used to remove the key/value pair, again R`ignore:changed` is set to `true` only if the key actually existed prior to the removal. An attempt can be made to obtain or free the lock associated with a key/value pair with the states `acquire` or `release` respectively. A valid session must be supplied to make the attempt R`ignore:changed` is `true` if the attempt is successful, `false` otherwise.
- `token` (String) The token key identifying an ACL rule set that controls access to the key value pair.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Whether to verify the tls certificate of the Consul agent.
- `value` (String) The value should be associated with the given key, required if `state` is `present`.
