---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_openssl_privatekey Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_openssl_privatekey (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `path` (String) Name of the file in which the generated TLS/SSL private key will be written. It will have `0600` mode if `mode` is not explicitly set.

### Optional

- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file including a timestamp so you can get the original private key back if you overwrote it with a new one by accident.
- `force` (Boolean) Should the key be regenerated even if it already exists.
- `format` (String)
- `format_mismatch` (String)
- `regenerate` (String)
- `return_content` (Boolean) If set to `true`, will return the (current or generated) private key's content as R`privatekey`. Note that especially if the private key is not encrypted, you have to make sure that the returned value is treated appropriately and not accidentally written to logs, and so on! Use with care! Use Ansible's `no_log` task option to avoid the output being shown. See also https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/reference_appendices/faq.html#how-do-i-keep-secret-data-in-my-playbook.
- `state` (String) Whether the private key should exist or not, taking action if the state is different from what is stated.

### Read-Only

- `backup_file` (String) Name of backup file created.
- `curve` (String) Elliptic curve used to generate the TLS/SSL private key.
- `filename` (String) Path to the generated TLS/SSL private key file.
- `fingerprint` (String) The fingerprint of the public key. Fingerprint will be generated for each `hashlib.algorithms` available.
- `privatekey` (String) The (current or generated) private key's content. Will be Base64-encoded if the key is in raw format.
- `size` (Number) Size (in bits) of the TLS/SSL private key.
- `type` (String) Algorithm used to generate the TLS/SSL private key.
