---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_pg_hba Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_pg_hba (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dest` (String) Path to `pg_hba` file to modify.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `address` (String) The source address/net where the connections could come from. Will not be used for entries of *type*=`local`. You can also use keywords `all`, `samehost`, and `samenet`.
- `backup` (Boolean) If set, create a backup of the `pg_hba` file before it is modified. The location of the backup is returned in the (backup) variable by this module.
- `backup_file` (String) Write backup to a specific backupfile rather than a temp file.
- `comment` (String) A comment that will be placed in the same line behind the rule. See also the *keep_comments_at_rules* parameter.
- `contype` (String) Type of the rule. If not set, `postgresql_pg_hba` will only return contents.
- `create` (Boolean) Create an `pg_hba` file if none exists. When set to false, an error is raised when the `pg_hba` file doesn't exist.
- `databases` (String) Databases this line applies to.
- `keep_comments_at_rules` (Boolean) This option has been deprecated and doesn't do anything. The module behaves as if this is `true`.
- `method` (String) Authentication method to be used.
- `netmask` (String) The netmask of the source address.
- `options` (String) Additional options for the authentication *method*.
- `overwrite` (Boolean) Remove all existing rules before adding rules. (Like *state=absent* for all pre-existing rules.) Ignores all errors in the existing file.
- `rules` (String) A list of objects, specifying rules for the pg_hba.conf. Use this to manage multiple rules at once. Each object can have the following keys (the 'rule-specific arguments'), which are treated the same as if they were arguments of this module: `address`, `comment`, `contype`, `databases`, `method`, `netmask`, `options`, `state`, `users` See also `rules_behavior`.
- `rules_behavior` (String) Configure how the *rules* argument works together with the rule-specific arguments outside the *rules* argument. See *rules* for the complete list of rule-specific arguments. When set to `conflict`, fail if *rules* and, for example, *address* are set. If `combine`, the normal rule-specific arguments are not defining a rule, but are used as defaults for the arguments in the *rules* argument. Is used only when *rules* is specified, ignored otherwise.
- `sort_rules` (Boolean) Sorts the rules in the file only if a change is required. It will sort the rules so more specific rules are at the top. For example, a rule matching a single host will be before a rule that matches an ip-range. The order of rules is important, as they are evaluated top-down and the first one that matches is used. This means changing the order of rules in the file can change how your instance behaves. Will sort comments to the top, includes to the bottom and remove empty lines. I would advise to turn this off when managing a file that receives manual changes, as well or if the order you specify your rules in is important.
- `state` (String) The lines will be added/modified when `state=present` and removed when `state=absent`.
- `users` (String) Users this line applies to.

### Read-Only

- `msgs` (String) List of textual messages what was done.
- `pg_hba` (String) List of the pg_hba rules as they are configured in the specified hba file.
- `pg_hba_string` (String) The string in the pg_hba file after the module finished.
