---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_openssl_csr_pipe Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_openssl_csr_pipe (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `content` (String) The existing CSR.
- `privatekey_content` (String) The content of the private key to use when signing the certificate signing request. Either `privatekey_path` or `privatekey_content` must be specified, but not both.
- `privatekey_path` (String) The path to the private key to use when signing the certificate signing request. Either `privatekey_path` or `privatekey_content` must be specified, but not both.

### Read-Only

- `basicConstraints` (String) Indicates if the certificate belongs to a CA.
- `csr` (String) The (current or generated) CSR's content.
- `extendedKeyUsage` (String) Additional restriction on the public key purposes.
- `keyUsage` (String) Purpose for which the public key may be used.
- `name_constraints_excluded` (String) List of excluded subtrees the CA cannot sign certificates for.
- `name_constraints_permitted` (String) List of permitted subtrees to sign certificates for.
- `ocsp_must_staple` (Boolean) Indicates whether the certificate has the OCSP Must Staple feature enabled.
- `privatekey` (String) Path to the TLS/SSL private key the CSR was generated for. Will be `none` if the private key has been provided in `privatekey_content`.
- `subject` (String) A list of the subject tuples attached to the CSR.
- `subjectAltName` (String) The alternative names this CSR is valid for.
