---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_snap Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_snap (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `description` (String) Specify the description for the snapshot. Only used on the configuration web interface. This is saved as a comment inside the configuration file.
- `force` (Boolean) For removal from config file, even if removing disk snapshot fails.
- `hostname` (String) The instance name.
- `retention` (Number) Remove old snapshots if there are more than `retention` snapshots. If `retention` is set to `0`, all snapshots will be kept. This is only used when `state=present` and when an actual snapshot is created. If no snapshot is created, all existing snapshots will be kept.
- `snapname` (String) Name of the snapshot that has to be created/deleted/restored.
- `state` (String) Indicate desired state of the instance snapshot.
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout for operations.
- `unbind` (Boolean) This option only applies to LXC containers. Allows to snapshot a container even if it has configured mountpoints. Temporarily disables all configured mountpoints, takes snapshot, and finally restores original configuration. If running, the container will be stopped and restarted to apply config changes. Due to restrictions in the Proxmox API this option can only be used authenticating as `root@pam` with `api_password`, API tokens do not work either. See https://pve.proxmox.com/pve-docs/api-viewer/#/nodes/{node}/lxc/{vmid}/config (PUT tab) for more details.
- `vmid` (String) The instance ID. If not set, will be fetched from PromoxAPI based on the hostname.
- `vmstate` (Boolean) Snapshot includes RAM.
