---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_hwc_vpc_subnet Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_hwc_vpc_subnet (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cidr` (String) Specifies the subnet CIDR block. The value must be within the VPC CIDR block and be in CIDR format. The subnet mask cannot be greater than 28. Cannot be changed after creating the subnet.
- `gateway_ip` (String) Specifies the gateway of the subnet. The value must be an IP address in the subnet. Cannot be changed after creating the subnet.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `name` (String) Specifies the subnet name. The value is a string of 1 to 64 characters that can contain letters, digits, underscores (`_`), hyphens (`-`), and periods (`.`).
- `vpc_id` (String) Specifies the ID of the VPC to which the subnet belongs. Cannot be changed after creating the subnet.

### Optional

- `availability_zone` (String) Specifies the AZ to which the subnet belongs. Cannot be changed after creating the subnet.
- `dhcp_enable` (Boolean) Specifies whether DHCP is enabled for the subnet. The value can be true (enabled) or false(disabled), and default value is true. If this parameter is set to false, newly created ECSs cannot obtain IP addresses, and usernames and passwords cannot be injected using Cloud-init.
- `dns_address` (String) Specifies the DNS server addresses for subnet. The address in the head is used first.
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in Huawei Cloud.
- `timeouts` (String) The timeouts for each operations.
