---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_launchd Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_launchd (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `name` (String) Name of the service.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the service should start on boot. **At least one of state and enabled are required**.
- `force_stop` (Boolean) Whether the service should not be restarted automatically by launchd. Services might have the `KeepAlive` attribute set to `true` in a launchd configuration. In case this is set to `true`, stopping a service causes that `launchd` starts the service again. Set this option to `true` to let this module change the `KeepAlive` attribute to `false`.
- `plist` (String) Name of the `.plist` file for the service. Defaults to `{name}.plist`.
- `state` (String) `started`/`stopped` are idempotent actions that do not run commands unless necessary. `launchd` does not support `restarted` nor `reloaded` natively. These states trigger a stop/start (restarted) or an unload/load (reloaded). `restarted` unloads and loads the service before start to ensure that the latest job definition (plist) is used. `reloaded` unloads and loads the service to ensure that the latest job definition (plist) is used. Whether a service is started or stopped depends on the content of the definition file.

### Read-Only

- `status` (String) Metadata about service status.
