---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ldap_attrs Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ldap_attrs (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attributes` (String) The attribute(s) and value(s) to add or remove. Each attribute value can be a string for single-valued attributes or a list of strings for multi-valued attributes. If you specify values for this option in YAML, please note that you can improve readability for long string values by using YAML block modifiers as seen in the examples for this module. Note that when using values that YAML/ansible-core interprets as other types, like `yes`, `no` (booleans), or `2.10` (float), make sure to quote them if these are meant to be strings. Otherwise the wrong values may be sent to LDAP.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `ordered` (Boolean) If `true`, prepend list values with X-ORDERED index numbers in all attributes specified in the current task. This is useful mostly with `olcAccess` attribute to easily manage LDAP Access Control Lists.
- `state` (String) The state of the attribute values. If `present`, all given attribute values are added if they are missing. If `absent`, all given attribute values are removed if present. If `exact`, the set of attribute values is forced to exactly those provided and no others. If `state=exact` and the attribute value is empty, all values for this attribute are removed.

### Read-Only

- `modlist` (String) List of modified parameters.
