---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_keycloak_authz_permission Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_keycloak_authz_permission (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_id` (String) The clientId of the keycloak client that should have the authorization scope. This is usually a human-readable name of the Keycloak client.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `name` (String) Name of the authorization permission to create.
- `permission_type` (String) The type of authorization permission. On `scope` create a scope-based permission. On `resource` create a resource-based permission.
- `realm` (String) The name of the Keycloak realm the Keycloak client is in.

### Optional

- `decision_strategy` (String) The decision strategy to use with this permission.
- `description` (String) The description of the authorization permission.
- `policies` (String) Policy names to attach to this permission.
- `resources` (String) Resource names to attach to this permission. Scope-based permissions can only include one resource. Resource-based permissions can include multiple resources.
- `scopes` (String) Scope names to attach to this permission. Resource-based permissions cannot have scopes attached to them.
- `state` (String) State of the authorization permission. On `present`, the authorization permission is created (or updated if it exists already). On `absent`, the authorization permission is removed if it exists.

### Read-Only

- `end_state` (String) Representation of the authorization permission after module execution.
- `msg` (String) Message as to what action was taken.
