---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_certificate_complete_chain Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_certificate_complete_chain (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `input_chain` (String) A concatenated set of certificates in PEM format forming a chain. The module will try to complete this chain.
- `root_certificates` (String) A list of filenames or directories. A filename is assumed to point to a file containing one or more certificates in PEM format. All certificates in this file will be added to the set of root certificates. If a directory name is given, all files in the directory and its subdirectories will be scanned and tried to be parsed as concatenated certificates in PEM format. Symbolic links will be followed.

### Optional

- `intermediate_certificates` (String) A list of filenames or directories. A filename is assumed to point to a file containing one or more certificates in PEM format. All certificates in this file will be added to the set of root certificates. If a directory name is given, all files in the directory and its subdirectories will be scanned and tried to be parsed as concatenated certificates in PEM format. Symbolic links will be followed.

### Read-Only

- `chain` (String) The chain added to the given input chain. Includes the root certificate. Returned as a list of PEM certificates.
- `complete_chain` (String) The completed chain, including leaf, all intermediates, and root. Returned as a list of PEM certificates.
- `root` (String) The root certificate in PEM format.
