---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_nmcli Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_nmcli (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `conn_name` (String) The name used to call the connection. Pattern is `<type>[-<ifname>][-<num>]`.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `state` (String) Whether the device should exist or not, taking action if the state is different from what is stated. Using `state=present` creates connection set to be brought up automatically. Using `state=up` and `state=down` does not modify connection with other parameters. These states have been added in community.general 9.5.0.

### Optional

- `addr_gen_mode6` (String) Configure method for creating the address for use with IPv6 Stateless Address Autoconfiguration. `default` and `default-or-eui64` have been added in community.general 6.5.0.
- `ageingtime` (Number) This is only used with bridge - [ageing-time <0-1000000>] the Ethernet MAC address aging time, in seconds.
- `arp_interval` (Number) This is only used with bond - ARP interval.
- `arp_ip_target` (String) This is only used with bond - ARP IP target.
- `autoconnect` (Boolean) Whether the connection should start on boot. Whether the connection profile can be automatically activated.
- `autoconnect_priority` (Number) The priority of the connection profile for autoconnect. If set, connection profiles with higher priority are preferred.
- `autoconnect_retries` (Number) The number of times to retry autoconnecting.
- `conn_reload` (Boolean) Whether the connection should be reloaded if it was modified.
- `dhcp_client_id` (String) DHCP Client Identifier sent to the DHCP server.
- `dns4` (String) A list of up to 3 DNS servers. The entries must be IPv4 addresses, for example `192.0.2.53`.
- `dns4_ignore_auto` (Boolean) Ignore automatically configured IPv4 name servers.
- `dns4_options` (String) A list of DNS options.
- `dns4_search` (String) A list of DNS search domains.
- `dns6` (String) A list of up to 3 DNS servers. The entries must be IPv6 addresses, for example `2001:4860:4860::8888`.
- `dns6_ignore_auto` (Boolean) Ignore automatically configured IPv6 name servers.
- `dns6_options` (String) A list of DNS options.
- `dns6_search` (String) A list of DNS search domains.
- `downdelay` (Number) This is only used with bond - downdelay.
- `egress` (String) This is only used with VLAN - VLAN egress priority mapping.
- `fail_over_mac` (String) This is only used with bond - fail_over_mac.
- `flags` (String) This is only used with VLAN - flags.
- `forwarddelay` (Number) This is only used with bridge - [forward-delay <2-30>] STP forwarding delay, in seconds.
- `gsm` (String) The configuration of the GSM connection. Note the list of suboption attributes may vary depending on which version of NetworkManager/nmcli is installed on the host. An up-to-date list of supported attributes can be found here: https://networkmanager.dev/docs/api/latest/settings-gsm.html. For instance to use apn, pin, username and password: `{apn: provider.apn, pin: 1234, username: apn.username, password: apn.password}`.
- `gw4` (String) The IPv4 gateway for this interface. Use the format `192.0.2.1`. This parameter is mutually_exclusive with never_default4 parameter.
- `gw4_ignore_auto` (Boolean) Ignore automatically configured IPv4 routes.
- `gw6` (String) The IPv6 gateway for this interface. Use the format `2001:db8::1`.
- `gw6_ignore_auto` (Boolean) Ignore automatically configured IPv6 routes.
- `hairpin` (Boolean) This is only used with 'bridge-slave' - 'hairpin mode' for the slave, which allows frames to be sent back out through the slave the frame was received on. The default change to `false` in community.general 7.0.0. It used to be `true` before.
- `hellotime` (Number) This is only used with bridge - [hello-time <1-10>] STP hello time, in seconds.
- `ifname` (String) The interface to bind the connection to. The connection is only applicable to this interface name. A special value of `*` can be used for interface-independent connections. The `ifname` argument is mandatory for all connection types except bond, team, bridge, vlan and vpn. This parameter defaults to `conn_name` when left unset for all connection types except vpn that removes it.
- `ignore_unsupported_suboptions` (Boolean) Ignore suboptions which are invalid or unsupported by the version of NetworkManager/nmcli installed on the host. Only `wifi` and `wifi_sec` options are currently affected.
- `infiniband_mac` (String) MAC address of the Infiniband IPoIB devices.
- `ingress` (String) This is only used with VLAN - VLAN ingress priority mapping.
- `ip4` (String) List of IPv4 addresses to this interface. Use the format `192.0.2.24/24` or `192.0.2.24`. If defined and `method4` is not specified, automatically set `ipv4.method` to `manual`.
- `ip6` (String) List of IPv6 addresses to this interface. Use the format `abbe::cafe/128` or `abbe::cafe`. If defined and `method6` is not specified, automatically set `ipv6.method` to `manual`.
- `ip_privacy6` (String) If enabled, it makes the kernel generate a temporary IPv6 address in addition to the public one.
- `ip_tunnel_dev` (String) This is used with GRE/IPIP/SIT - parent device this GRE/IPIP/SIT tunnel, can use ifname.
- `ip_tunnel_input_key` (String) The key used for tunnel input packets. Only used when `type=gre`.
- `ip_tunnel_local` (String) This is used with GRE/IPIP/SIT - GRE/IPIP/SIT local IP address.
- `ip_tunnel_output_key` (String) The key used for tunnel output packets. Only used when `type=gre`.
- `ip_tunnel_remote` (String) This is used with GRE/IPIP/SIT - GRE/IPIP/SIT destination IP address.
- `mac` (String) MAC address of the connection. Note this requires a recent kernel feature, originally introduced in 3.15 upstream kernel.
- `macvlan` (String) The configuration of the MAC VLAN connection. Note the list of suboption attributes may vary depending on which version of NetworkManager/nmcli is installed on the host. An up-to-date list of supported attributes can be found here: https://networkmanager.dev/docs/api/latest/settings-macvlan.html.
- `master` (String) Master <master (ifname, or connection UUID or conn_name) of bridge, team, bond, ovs-port master connection profile. Mandatory if `slave_type` is defined.
- `maxage` (Number) This is only used with bridge - [max-age <6-42>] STP maximum message age, in seconds.
- `may_fail4` (Boolean) If you need `ip4` configured before `network-online.target` is reached, set this option to `false`. This option applies when `method4` is not `disabled`.
- `method4` (String) Configuration method to be used for IPv4. If `ip4` is set, `ipv4.method` is automatically set to `manual` and this parameter is not needed.
- `method6` (String) Configuration method to be used for IPv6. If `ip6` is set, `ipv6.method` is automatically set to `manual` and this parameter is not needed. `disabled` was added in community.general 3.3.0.
- `miimon` (Number) This is only used with bond - miimon. This parameter defaults to `100` when unset.
- `mode` (String) This is the type of device or network connection that you wish to create for a bond or bridge.
- `mtu` (Number) The connection MTU, for example `9000`. This can not be applied when creating the interface and is done once the interface has been created. Can be used when modifying Team, VLAN, Ethernet (Future plans to implement wifi, gsm, pppoe, infiniband). This parameter defaults to `1500` when unset.
- `never_default4` (Boolean) Set as default route. This parameter is mutually_exclusive with gw4 parameter.
- `path_cost` (Number) This is only used with 'bridge-slave' - [<1-65535>] - STP port cost for destinations using this slave.
- `primary` (String) This is only used with bond and is the primary interface name (for "active-backup" mode), this is the usually the 'ifname'.
- `priority` (Number) This is only used with 'bridge' - sets STP priority.
- `route_metric4` (Number) Set metric level of ipv4 routes configured on interface.
- `route_metric6` (Number) Set metric level of IPv6 routes configured on interface.
- `routes4` (String) The list of IPv4 routes. Use the format `192.0.3.0/24 192.0.2.1`. To specify more complex routes, use the `routes4_extended` option.
- `routes4_extended` (String) The list of IPv4 routes.
- `routes6` (String) The list of IPv6 routes. Use the format `fd12:3456:789a:1::/64 2001:dead:beef::1`. To specify more complex routes, use the `routes6_extended` option.
- `routes6_extended` (String) The list of IPv6 routes but with parameters.
- `routing_rules4` (String) Is the same as in an `ip rule add` command, except always requires specifying a priority.
- `routing_rules6` (String) Is the same as in an `ip rule add` command, except always requires specifying a priority.
- `runner` (String) This is the type of device or network connection that you wish to create for a team.
- `runner_fast_rate` (Boolean) Option specifies the rate at which our link partner is asked to transmit LACPDU packets. If this is `true` then packets are sent once per second. Otherwise they are sent every 30 seconds. Only allowed for `runner=lacp`.
- `runner_hwaddr_policy` (String) This defines the policy of how hardware addresses of team device and port devices should be set during the team lifetime.
- `slave_type` (String) Type of the device of this slave's master connection (for example `bond`). Type `ovs-port` is added in community.general 8.6.0.
- `slavepriority` (Number) This is only used with 'bridge-slave' - [<0-63>] - STP priority of this slave.
- `sriov` (String) Allow to configure SR-IOV settings. An up-to-date list of supported attributes can be found here: https://networkmanager.pages.freedesktop.org/NetworkManager/NetworkManager/settings-sriov.html.
- `ssid` (String) Name of the Wireless router or the access point.
- `stp` (Boolean) This is only used with bridge and controls whether Spanning Tree Protocol (STP) is enabled for this bridge.
- `table` (Number) This is only used with VRF - VRF table number.
- `transport_mode` (String) This option sets the connection type of Infiniband IPoIB devices.
- `type` (String) This is the type of device or network connection that you wish to create or modify. Type `dummy` is added in community.general 3.5.0. Type `gsm` is added in community.general 3.7.0. Type `infiniband` is added in community.general 2.0.0. Type `loopback` is added in community.general 8.1.0. Type `macvlan` is added in community.general 6.6.0. Type `ovs-bridge` is added in community.general 8.6.0. Type `ovs-interface` is added in community.general 8.6.0. Type `ovs-port` is added in community.general 8.6.0. Type `wireguard` is added in community.general 4.3.0. Type `vpn` is added in community.general 5.1.0. Type `vrf` is added in community.general 10.4.0. Using `bond-slave`, `bridge-slave`, or `team-slave` implies `ethernet` connection type with corresponding `slave_type` option. If you want to control non-ethernet connection attached to `bond`, `bridge`, or `team` consider using `slave_type` option.
- `updelay` (Number) This is only used with bond - updelay.
- `vlandev` (String) This is only used with VLAN - parent device this VLAN is on, can use ifname.
- `vlanid` (Number) This is only used with VLAN - VLAN ID in range <0-4095>.
- `vpn` (String) Configuration of a VPN connection (PPTP and L2TP). In order to use L2TP you need to be sure that `network-manager-l2tp` - and `network-manager-l2tp-gnome` if host has UI - are installed on the host.
- `vxlan_id` (Number) This is only used with VXLAN - VXLAN ID.
- `vxlan_local` (String) This is only used with VXLAN - VXLAN local IP address.
- `vxlan_parent` (String) This is only used with VXLAN - VXLAN parent device (required when using a multicast remote address).
- `vxlan_remote` (String) This is only used with VXLAN - VXLAN destination IP address.
- `wifi` (String) The configuration of the WiFi connection. Note the list of suboption attributes may vary depending on which version of NetworkManager/nmcli is installed on the host. An up-to-date list of supported attributes can be found here: https://networkmanager.dev/docs/api/latest/settings-802-11-wireless.html. For instance to create a hidden AP mode WiFi connection: `{hidden: true, mode: ap}`.
- `wifi_sec` (String) The security configuration of the WiFi connection. Note the list of suboption attributes may vary depending on which version of NetworkManager/nmcli is installed on the host. An up-to-date list of supported attributes can be found here: https://networkmanager.dev/docs/api/latest/settings-802-11-wireless-security.html. For instance to use common WPA-PSK auth with a password: `{key-mgmt: wpa-psk, psk: my_password}`.
- `wireguard` (String) The configuration of the Wireguard connection. Note the list of suboption attributes may vary depending on which version of NetworkManager/nmcli is installed on the host. An up-to-date list of supported attributes can be found here: https://networkmanager.dev/docs/api/latest/settings-wireguard.html. For instance to configure a listen port: `{listen-port: 12345}`.
- `xmit_hash_policy` (String) This is only used with bond - xmit_hash_policy type.
- `zone` (String) The trust level of the connection. When updating this property on a currently activated connection, the change takes effect immediately.
