---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_openssl_dhparam Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_openssl_dhparam (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `path` (String) Name of the file in which the generated parameters will be saved.

### Optional

- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file including a timestamp so you can get the original DH params back if you overwrote them with new ones by accident.
- `force` (Boolean) Should the parameters be regenerated even it it already exists.
- `return_content` (Boolean) If set to `true`, will return the (current or generated) DH parameter's content as R`dhparams`.
- `select_crypto_backend` (String) Determines which crypto backend to use. The default choice is `auto`, which tries to use `cryptography` if available, and falls back to `openssl`. If set to `openssl`, will try to use the OpenSSL `openssl` executable. If set to `cryptography`, will try to use the [cryptography](https://cryptography.io/) library.
- `size` (Number) Size (in bits) of the generated DH-params.
- `state` (String) Whether the parameters should exist or not, taking action if the state is different from what is stated.

### Read-Only

- `backup_file` (String) Name of backup file created.
- `dhparams` (String) The (current or generated) DH params' content.
- `filename` (String) Path to the generated Diffie-Hellman parameters.
