---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_subscription Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_subscription (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `login_db` (String) Name of the database to connect to and where the subscription state will be changed. The `db` alias is deprecated and will be removed in version 5.0.0.
- `name` (String) Name of the subscription to add, update, or remove.

### Optional

- `cascade` (Boolean) Drop subscription dependencies. Has effect with *state=absent* only. Ignored when *state* is not `absent`.
- `comment` (String) Sets a comment on the subscription. To reset the comment, pass an empty string.
- `connparams` (String) The connection dict param-value to connect to the publisher. For more information see https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/libpq-connect.html#LIBPQ-CONNSTRING. Ignored when *state* is not `present`. Ignored when an existing subscription's connection parameters are not available from the server (such as in CloudSQL).
- `owner` (String) Subscription owner. If *owner* is not defined, the owner will be set as *login_user* or *session_role*. Ignored when *state* is not `present`.
- `publications` (String) The publication names on the publisher to use for the subscription. Ignored when *state* is not `present`.
- `session_role` (String) Switch to session_role after connecting. The specified session_role must be a role that the current login_user is a member of. Permissions checking for SQL commands is carried out as though the session_role were the one that had logged in originally.
- `state` (String) The subscription state. `present` implies that if *name* subscription doesn't exist, it will be created. `absent` implies that if *name* subscription exists, it will be removed. `refresh` implies that if *name* subscription exists, it will be refreshed. Fetch missing table information from publisher. Always returns ``changed`` is ``True``. This will start replication of tables that were added to the subscribed-to publications since the last invocation of REFRESH PUBLICATION or since CREATE SUBSCRIPTION. The existing data in the publications that are being subscribed to should be copied once the replication starts. For more information about `refresh` see https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-altersubscription.html.
- `subsparams` (String) Dictionary of optional parameters for a subscription, e.g. copy_data, enabled, create_slot, etc. For update the subscription allowed keys are `enabled`, `slot_name`, `synchronous_commit`, `publication_name`. See available parameters to create a new subscription on https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-createsubscription.html. Ignored when *state* is not `present`.
- `trust_input` (Boolean) If `false`, check whether values of parameters *name*, *publications*, *owner*, *session_role*, *connparams*, *subsparams* are potentially dangerous. It makes sense to use `true` only when SQL injections via the parameters are possible.

### Read-Only

- `exists` (Boolean) Flag indicates the subscription exists or not at the end of runtime.
- `final_state` (String) Subscription configuration at the end of runtime.
- `initial_state` (String) Subscription configuration at the beginning of runtime.
- `queries` (String) List of executed queries.
