---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_krb_ticket Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_krb_ticket (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `address_restricted` (Boolean) Request tickets restricted to the host's local address or non-restricted.
- `anonymous` (Boolean) Requests anonymous processing.
- `cache_name` (String) Use `cache_name` as the ticket cache name and location. If this option is not used, the default cache name and location are used. The default credentials cache may vary between systems. If not set the value of `KRB5CCNAME` environment variable is used instead, its value is used to name the default ticket cache.
- `canonicalization` (Boolean) Requests canonicalization of the principal name, and allows the KDC to reply with a different client principal from the one requested.
- `enterprise` (Boolean) Treats the principal name as an enterprise name (implies the `canonicalization` option).
- `forwardable` (Boolean) Request forwardable or non-forwardable tickets.
- `kdestroy_all` (Boolean) When `state=absent` destroys all credential caches in collection. Equivalent of running `kdestroy -A`.
- `keytab` (Boolean) Requests a ticket, obtained from a key in the local host's keytab. If `keytab_path` is not specified it tries to use default client keytab path (`-i` option).
- `keytab_path` (String) Use when `keytab=true` to specify path to a keytab file. It is required to specify `password` or `keytab_path`.
- `lifetime` (String) Requests a ticket with the lifetime, if the `lifetime` is not specified, the default ticket lifetime is used. Specifying a ticket lifetime longer than the maximum ticket lifetime (configured by each site) does not override the configured maximum ticket lifetime. The value for `lifetime` must be followed by one of the following suffixes: `s` - seconds, `m` - minutes, `h` - hours, `d` - days. You cannot mix units; a value of `3h30m` results in an error. See https://web.mit.edu/kerberos/krb5-1.12/doc/basic/date_format.html for reference.
- `password` (String) Principal password. It is required to specify `password` or `keytab_path`.
- `principal` (String) The principal name. If not set, the user running this module is used.
- `proxiable` (Boolean) Request proxiable or non-proxiable tickets.
- `renewable` (String) Requests renewable tickets, with a total lifetime equal to `renewable`. The value for `renewable` must be followed by one of the following delimiters: `s` - seconds, `m` - minutes, `h` - hours, `d` - days. You cannot mix units; a value of `3h30m` results in an error. See https://web.mit.edu/kerberos/krb5-1.12/doc/basic/date_format.html for reference.
- `renewal` (Boolean) Requests renewal of the ticket-granting ticket. Note that an expired ticket cannot be renewed, even if the ticket is still within its renewable life.
- `start_time` (String) Requests a postdated ticket. Postdated tickets are issued with the invalid flag set, and need to be resubmitted to the KDC for validation before use. `start_time` specifies the duration of the delay before the ticket can become valid. You can use absolute time formats, for example `July 27, 2012 at 20:30` you would neet to set `start_time=20120727203000`. You can also use time duration format similar to `lifetime` or `renewable`. See https://web.mit.edu/kerberos/krb5-1.12/doc/basic/date_format.html for reference.
- `state` (String) The state of the Kerberos ticket. `present` is equivalent of `kinit` command. `absent` is equivalent of `kdestroy` command.
- `validate` (Boolean) Requests that the ticket-granting ticket in the cache (with the invalid flag set) be passed to the KDC for validation. If the ticket is within its requested time range, the cache is replaced with the validated ticket.
