---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_keycloak_client_rolemapping Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_keycloak_client_rolemapping (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `cid` (String) ID of the client to be mapped. This parameter is not required for updating or deleting the rolemapping but providing it reduces the number of API calls required.
- `client_id` (String) Name of the client to be mapped (different than `cid`). This parameter is required (can be replaced by cid for less API call).
- `gid` (String) ID of the group to be mapped. This parameter is not required for updating or deleting the rolemapping but providing it reduces the number of API calls required.
- `group_name` (String) Name of the group to be mapped. This parameter is required (can be replaced by gid for less API call).
- `parents` (String) List of parent groups for the group to handle sorted top to bottom. Set this if your group is a subgroup and you do not provide the GID in `gid`.
- `realm` (String) They Keycloak realm under which this role_representation resides.
- `roles` (String) Roles to be mapped to the group.
- `state` (String) State of the client_rolemapping. On `present`, the client_rolemapping is created if it does not yet exist, or updated with the parameters you provide. On `absent`, the client_rolemapping is removed if it exists.

### Read-Only

- `end_state` (String) Representation of client role mapping after module execution. The sample is truncated.
- `existing` (String) Representation of existing client role mapping. The sample is truncated.
- `msg` (String) Message as to what action was taken.
- `proposed` (String) Representation of proposed client role mapping.
