---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_keycloak_group Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_keycloak_group (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `attributes` (String) A dict of key/value pairs to set as custom attributes for the group. Values may be single values (for example a string) or a list of strings.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier for this group. This parameter is not required for updating or deleting a group but providing it reduces the number of API calls required.
- `name` (String) Name of the group. This parameter is required only when creating or updating the group.
- `parents` (String) List of parent groups for the group to handle sorted top to bottom. Set this to create a group as a subgroup of another group or groups (parents) or when accessing an existing subgroup by name. Not necessary to set when accessing an existing subgroup by its `ID` because in that case the group can be directly queried without necessarily knowing its parent(s).
- `realm` (String) They Keycloak realm under which this group resides.
- `state` (String) State of the group. On `present`, the group is created if it does not yet exist, or updated with the parameters you provide. On `absent`, the group is removed if it exists. Be aware that absenting a group with subgroups automatically deletes all its subgroups too.

### Read-Only

- `end_state` (String) Representation of the group after module execution (sample is truncated).
- `msg` (String) Message as to what action was taken.
