---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_nsupdate Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_nsupdate (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `record` (String) Sets the DNS record to modify. When zone is omitted this has to be absolute (ending with a dot).
- `server` (String) Apply DNS modification on this server, specified by IPv4/IPv6 address or FQDN. FQDNs are supported since community.general 12.3.0.

### Optional

- `key_algorithm` (String) Specify key algorithm used by `key_secret`. Use `gss-tsig` for GSS-TSIG authentication (requires the gssapi library and Kerberos credentials). `gss-tsig` was added in community.general 12.3.0.
- `key_name` (String) Use TSIG key name to authenticate against DNS `server`. Not required when using `key_algorithm=gss-tsig`.
- `key_secret` (String) Use TSIG key secret, associated with `key_name`, to authenticate against `server`. Not required when using `key_algorithm=gss-tsig`.
- `port` (Number) Use this TCP port when connecting to `server`.
- `protocol` (String) Sets the transport protocol (TCP or UDP). TCP is the recommended and a more robust option.
- `state` (String) Manage DNS record.
- `ttl` (Number) Sets the record TTL.
- `type` (String) Sets the record type.
- `value` (String) Sets the record value.
- `zone` (String) DNS record is modified on this `zone`. When omitted, DNS is queried to attempt finding the correct zone.

### Read-Only

- `dns_rc` (Number) `dnspython` return code.
- `dns_rc_str` (String) `dnspython` return code (string representation).
