---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ipa_role Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ipa_role (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cn` (String) Role name. Can not be changed as it is the unique identifier.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of this role-group.
- `group` (String) List of group names assign to this role. If an empty list is passed all assigned groups are unassigned from the role. If option is omitted groups are not checked nor changed. If option is passed all assigned groups that are not passed are unassigned from the role.
- `host` (String) List of host names to assign. If an empty list is passed all assigned hosts are unassigned from the role. If option is omitted hosts are not checked nor changed. If option is passed all assigned hosts that are not passed are unassigned from the role.
- `hostgroup` (String) List of host group names to assign. If an empty list is passed all assigned host groups are removed from the role. If option is omitted host groups are not checked nor changed. If option is passed all assigned hostgroups that are not passed are unassigned from the role.
- `privilege` (String) List of privileges granted to the role. If an empty list is passed all assigned privileges are removed. If option is omitted privileges are not checked nor changed. If option is passed all assigned privileges that are not passed are removed.
- `service` (String) List of service names to assign. If an empty list is passed all assigned services are removed from the role. If option is omitted services are not checked nor changed. If option is passed all assigned services that are not passed are removed from the role.
- `state` (String) State to ensure.
- `user` (String) List of user names to assign. If an empty list is passed all assigned users are removed from the role. If option is omitted users are not checked nor changed.

### Read-Only

- `role` (String) Role as returned by IPA API.
