---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_docker_docker_swarm Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_docker_docker_swarm (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `advertise_addr` (String) Externally reachable address advertised to other nodes. This can either be an address/port combination in the form `192.168.1.1:4567`, or an interface followed by a port number, like `eth0:4567`. If the port number is omitted, the port number from the listen address is used. If `advertise_addr` is not specified, it will be automatically detected when possible. Only used when swarm is initialised or joined. Because of this it is not considered for idempotency checking.
- `autolock_managers` (Boolean) If set, generate a key and use it to lock data stored on the managers. Docker default value is `false`. `community.docker.docker_swarm_info` can be used to retrieve the unlock key.
- `ca_force_rotate` (Number) An integer whose purpose is to force swarm to generate a new signing CA certificate and key, if none have been specified. Docker default value is `0`. Requires API version >= 1.30.
- `data_path_addr` (String) Address or interface to use for data path traffic. This can either be an address in the form `192.168.1.1`, or an interface, like `eth0`. Only used when swarm is initialised or joined. Because of this it is not considered for idempotency checking. Requires API version >= 1.30.
- `data_path_port` (Number) Port to use for data path traffic. This needs to be a port number like `9789`. Only used when swarm is initialised. Because of this it is not considered for idempotency checking. Requires API version >= 1.40.
- `default_addr_pool` (String) Default address pool in CIDR format. Only used when swarm is initialised. Because of this it is not considered for idempotency checking. Requires API version >= 1.39.
- `dispatcher_heartbeat_period` (Number) The delay (in nanoseconds) for an agent to send a heartbeat to the dispatcher. Docker default value is 5 seconds, which corresponds to a value of `5000000000`.
- `election_tick` (Number) Amount of ticks (in seconds) needed without a leader to trigger a new election. Docker default value is `10` seconds.
- `force` (Boolean) Use with state `present` to force creating a new Swarm, even if already part of one. Use with state `absent` to Leave the swarm even if this node is a manager.
- `heartbeat_tick` (Number) Amount of ticks (in seconds) between each heartbeat. Docker default value is `1` seconds.
- `join_token` (String) Swarm token used to join a swarm cluster. Used with `state=join`. If this value is specified, the corresponding value in the return values will be censored by Ansible. This is a side-effect of this value not being logged.
- `keep_old_snapshots` (Number) Number of snapshots to keep beyond the current snapshot. Docker default value is `0`.
- `labels` (String) User-defined key/value metadata. Label operations in this module apply to the docker swarm cluster. Use `community.docker.docker_node` module to add/modify/remove swarm node labels. Requires API version >= 1.32.
- `listen_addr` (String) Listen address used for inter-manager communication. This can either be an address/port combination in the form `192.168.1.1:4567`, or an interface followed by a port number, like `eth0:4567`. If the port number is omitted, the default swarm listening port is used. Only used when swarm is initialised or joined. Because of this it is not considered for idempotency checking.
- `log_entries_for_slow_followers` (Number) Number of log entries to keep around to sync up slow followers after a snapshot is created.
- `name` (String) The name of the swarm.
- `node_cert_expiry` (Number) Automatic expiry for nodes certificates, given in nanoseconds. Docker default value is 90 days, which corresponds to a value of `7776000000000000`.
- `node_id` (String) Swarm id of the node to remove. Used with `state=remove`.
- `remote_addrs` (String) Remote address of one or more manager nodes of an existing Swarm to connect to. Used with `state=join`.
- `rotate_manager_token` (Boolean) Rotate the manager join token.
- `rotate_worker_token` (Boolean) Rotate the worker join token.
- `signing_ca_cert` (String) The desired signing CA certificate for all swarm node TLS leaf certificates, in PEM format. This must not be a path to a certificate, but the contents of the certificate. Requires API version >= 1.30.
- `signing_ca_key` (String) The desired signing CA key for all swarm node TLS leaf certificates, in PEM format. This must not be a path to a key, but the contents of the key. Requires API version >= 1.30.
- `snapshot_interval` (Number) Number of logs entries between snapshot. Docker default value is `10000`.
- `state` (String) Set to `present`, to create/update a new cluster. Set to `join`, to join an existing cluster. Set to `absent`, to leave an existing cluster. Set to `remove`, to remove an absent node from the cluster. Note that removing requires Docker SDK for Python >= 2.4.0. `community.docker.docker_node` can be used to demote a manager before removal.
- `subnet_size` (Number) Default address pool subnet mask length. Only used when swarm is initialised. Because of this it is not considered for idempotency checking. Requires API version >= 1.39.
- `task_history_retention_limit` (Number) Maximum number of tasks history stored. Docker default value is `5`.

### Read-Only

- `actions` (String) Provides the actions done on the swarm.
- `swarm_facts` (String) Information about swarm.
