---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_read_csv Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_read_csv (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `path` (String) The CSV filename to read data from.

### Optional

- `delimiter` (String) A one-character string used to separate fields. When using this parameter, you change the default value used by `dialect`. The default value depends on the dialect used.
- `dialect` (String) The CSV dialect to use when parsing the CSV file. Possible values include `excel`, `excel-tab` or `unix`.
- `fieldnames` (String) A list of field names for every column. This is needed if the CSV does not have a header.
- `key` (String) The column name used as a key for the resulting dictionary. If `key` is unset, the module returns a list of dictionaries, where each dictionary is a row in the CSV file.
- `skipinitialspace` (Boolean) Whether to ignore any whitespaces immediately following the delimiter. When using this parameter, you change the default value used by `dialect`. The default value depends on the dialect used.
- `strict` (Boolean) Whether to raise an exception on bad CSV input. When using this parameter, you change the default value used by `dialect`. The default value depends on the dialect used.
- `unique` (Boolean) Whether the `key` used is expected to be unique.

### Read-Only

- `dict` (String) The CSV content as a dictionary.
- `list` (String) The CSV content as a list.
