---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_dns_wait_for_txt Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_dns_wait_for_txt (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `records` (String) A list of DNS names with TXT entries to look out for.

### Optional

- `always_ask_default_resolver` (Boolean) When set to `true` (default), will use the default resolver to find the authoritative nameservers of a subzone. See `server` for how to configure the default resolver. When set to `false`, will use the authoritative nameservers of the parent zone to find the authoritative nameservers of a subzone. This only makes sense when the nameservers were recently changed and have not yet propagated.
- `max_sleep` (Number) Maximal amount of seconds to sleep between two rounds of probing the TXT records.
- `query_retry` (Number) Number of retries for DNS query timeouts.
- `query_timeout` (Number) Timeout per DNS query in seconds.
- `server` (String) The DNS server(s) to use to look up the result. Must be a list of one or more IP addresses. By default, the system's standard resolver is used.
- `servfail_retries` (Number) How often to retry on SERVFAIL errors.
- `timeout` (Number) Global timeout for waiting for all records in seconds. If not set, will wait indefinitely.

### Read-Only

- `completed` (Number) How many of the checks were completed.
