---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_filesystem Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_filesystem (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dev` (String) Target path to block device (Linux) or character device (FreeBSD) or regular file (both). When setting Linux-specific filesystem types on FreeBSD, this module only works when applying to regular files, also known as disk images. Currently `lvm` (Linux-only) and `ufs` (FreeBSD-only) do not support a regular file as their target `dev`. Support for character devices on FreeBSD has been added in community.general 3.4.0.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `force` (Boolean) If `true`, allows to create new filesystem on devices that already has filesystem.
- `fstype` (String) Filesystem type to be created. This option is required with `state=present` (or if `state` is omitted). `ufs` support has been added in community.general 3.4.0. `bcachefs` support has been added in community.general 8.6.0.
- `opts` (String) List of options to be passed to `mkfs` command.
- `resizefs` (Boolean) If `true`, if the block device and filesystem size differ, grow the filesystem into the space. Supported when `fstype` is one of: `bcachefs`, `btrfs`, `ext2`, `ext3`, `ext4`, `ext4dev`, `f2fs`, `lvm`, `xfs`, `ufs` and `vfat`. Attempts to resize other filesystem types fail. XFS only grows if mounted. Currently, the module is based on commands from `util-linux` package to perform operations, so resizing of XFS is not supported on FreeBSD systems. VFAT is likely to fail if `fatresize < 1.04`. Mutually exclusive with `uuid`.
- `state` (String) If `state=present`, the filesystem is created if it does not already exist, that is the default behaviour if `state` is omitted. If `state=absent`, filesystem signatures on `dev` are wiped if it contains a filesystem (as known by `blkid`). When `state=absent`, all other options but `dev` are ignored, and the module does not fail if the device `dev` does not actually exist.
- `uuid` (String) Set filesystem's UUID to the given value. The UUID options specified in `opts` take precedence over this value. See xfs_admin(8) (`xfs`), tune2fs(8) (`ext2`, `ext3`, `ext4`, `ext4dev`) for possible values. For `fstype=lvm` the value is ignored, it resets the PV UUID if set. Supported for `fstype` being one of `bcachefs`, `ext2`, `ext3`, `ext4`, `ext4dev`, `lvm`, or `xfs`. This is **not idempotent**. Specifying this option always results in a change. Mutually exclusive with `resizefs`.
