---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_jenkins_plugin Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_jenkins_plugin (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `name` (String) Plugin name.

### Optional

- `group` (String) GID or name of the Jenkins group on the OS.
- `jenkins_home` (String) Home directory of the Jenkins user.
- `latest_plugins_url_segments` (String) Path inside the `updates_url` to get latest plugins from.
- `mode` (String) File mode applied on versioned plugins.
- `owner` (String) UID or name of the Jenkins user on the OS.
- `plugin_versions_url_segment` (String) A list of URL segment(s) to retrieve the plugin versions JSON file from.
- `state` (String) Desired plugin state. If set to `latest`, the check for new version is performed every time. This is suitable to keep the plugin up-to-date.
- `timeout` (Number) Server connection timeout in secs.
- `update_json_url_segment` (String) A list of URL segment(s) to retrieve the update center JSON file from.
- `updates_expiration` (Number) Number of seconds after which a new copy of the `update-center.json` file is downloaded. This is used to avoid the need to download the plugin to calculate its checksum when `state=latest` is specified. Set it to `0` if no cache file should be used. In that case, the plugin file is always downloaded to calculate its checksum when `state=latest` is specified.
- `updates_url` (String) A list of base URL(s) to retrieve `update-center.json`, and direct plugin files from. This can be a list since community.general 3.3.0.
- `updates_url_password` (String) If using a custom `updates_url`, set this as the password of the user with access to the URL. If the custom `updates_url` does not require authentication, this can be left empty.
- `updates_url_username` (String) If using a custom `updates_url`, set this as the username of the user with access to the URL. If the custom `updates_url` does not require authentication, this can be left empty.
- `url` (String) URL of the Jenkins server.
- `version` (String) Plugin version number. If this option is specified, all plugin dependencies must be installed manually. It might take longer to verify that the correct version is installed. This is especially true if a specific version number is specified. Quote the version to prevent the value to be interpreted as float. For example if `1.20` would be unquoted, it would become `1.2`.
- `versioned_plugins_url_segments` (String) Path inside the `updates_url` to get specific version of plugins from.
- `with_dependencies` (Boolean) Defines whether to install plugin dependencies. In earlier versions, this option had no effect when a specific `version` was set. Since community.general 11.2.0, dependencies are also installed for versioned plugins.

### Read-Only

- `plugin` (String) Plugin name.
