---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ipa_dnsrecord Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ipa_dnsrecord (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `record_name` (String) The DNS record name to manage.
- `zone_name` (String) The DNS zone name to which DNS record needs to be managed.

### Optional

- `record_ttl` (Number) Set the TTL for the record. Applies only when adding a new or changing the value of `record_value` or `record_values`.
- `record_type` (String) The type of DNS record name. Support for `NS` was added in comunity.general 8.2.0. Support for `SSHFP` was added in community.general 9.1.0.
- `record_value` (String) Manage DNS record name with this value. Mutually exclusive with `record_values`, and exactly one of `record_value` and `record_values` has to be specified. Use `record_values` if you need to specify multiple values. In the case of `A` or `AAAA` record types, this is the IP address. In the case of `A6` record type, this is the A6 Record data. In the case of `CNAME` record type, this is the hostname. In the case of `DNAME` record type, this is the DNAME target. In the case of `NS` record type, this is the name server hostname. Hostname must already have a valid A or AAAA record. In the case of `PTR` record type, this is the hostname. In the case of `TXT` record type, this is a text. In the case of `SRV` record type, this is a service record. In the case of `MX` record type, this is a mail exchanger record. In the case of `SSHFP` record type, this is an SSH fingerprint record.
- `record_values` (String) Manage DNS record name with this value. Mutually exclusive with `record_value`, and exactly one of `record_value` and `record_values` has to be specified. In the case of `A` or `AAAA` record types, this is the IP address. In the case of `A6` record type, this is the A6 Record data. In the case of `CNAME` record type, this is the hostname. In the case of `DNAME` record type, this is the DNAME target. In the case of `NS` record type, this is the name server hostname. Hostname must already have a valid A or AAAA record. In the case of `PTR` record type, this is the hostname. In the case of `TXT` record type, this is a text. In the case of `SRV` record type, this is a service record. In the case of `MX` record type, this is a mail exchanger record. In the case of `SSHFP` record type, this is an SSH fingerprint record.
- `state` (String) State to ensure.

### Read-Only

- `dnsrecord` (String) DNS record as returned by IPA API.
