---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_acme_certificate Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_acme_certificate (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `account_email` (String) The email address associated with this account. It will be used for certificate expiration warnings. Note that when `modify_account` is not set to `false` and you also used the `community.crypto.acme_account` module to specify more than one contact for your account, this module will update your account and restrict it to the (at most one) contact email address specified here.
- `agreement` (String) URI to a terms of service document you agree to when using the ACME v1 service at `acme_directory`. Default is latest gathered from `acme_directory` URL. This option has no longer any effect. It is deprecated and will be removed from community.crypto 4.0.0.
- `chain_dest` (String) If specified, the intermediate certificate will be written to this file.
- `challenge` (String) The challenge to be performed. If set to `no challenge`, no challenge will be used. This is necessary for some private CAs which use External Account Binding and other means of validating certificate assurance. For example, an account could be allowed to issue certificates for `foo.example.com` without any further validation for a certain period of time.
- `csr` (String)
- `csr_content` (String)
- `data` (String) The data to validate ongoing challenges. This must be specified for the second run of the module only. The value that must be used here will be provided by a previous use of this module. See the examples for more details. Note that for ACME v2, only the `order_uri` entry of `data` will be used. For ACME v1, `data` must be non-empty to indicate the second stage is active; all needed data will be taken from the CSR. *Note*: the `data` option was marked as `no_log` up to Ansible 2.5. From Ansible 2.6 on, it is no longer marked this way as it causes error messages to be come unusable, and `data` does not contain any information which can be used without having access to the account key or which are not public anyway.
- `deactivate_authzs` (Boolean) Deactivate authentication objects (authz) after issuing a certificate, or when issuing the certificate failed. Authentication objects are bound to an account key and remain valid for a certain amount of time, and can be used to issue certificates without having to re-authenticate the domain. This can be a security concern.
- `dest` (String) The destination file for the certificate. Required if `fullchain_dest` is not specified.
- `force` (Boolean) Enforces the execution of the challenge and validation, even if an existing certificate is still valid for more than `remaining_days`. This is especially helpful when having an updated CSR, for example with additional domains for which a new certificate is desired.
- `fullchain_dest` (String) The destination file for the full chain (that is, a certificate followed by chain of intermediate certificates). Required if `dest` is not specified.
- `include_renewal_cert_id` (String) Determines whether to request renewal of an existing certificate according to [Section 5 of RFC 9773]( https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9773.html#section-5). This is only used when the certificate specified in `dest` or `fullchain_dest` already exists. Generally you should use `when_ari_supported` if you know that the ACME service supports a compatible draft (or final version, once it is out) of the ARI extension. `always` should never be necessary. If you are not sure, or if you receive strange errors on invalid `replaces` values in order objects, use `never`, which also happens to be the default. ACME servers might refuse to create new orders with `replaces` for certificates that already have an existing order. This can happen if this module is used to create an order, and then the playbook/role fails in case the challenges cannot be set up. If the playbook/role does not record the order data to continue with the existing order, but tries to create a new one on the next run, creating the new order might fail. If `order_creation_error_strategy=fail` this will make the module fail. `order_creation_error_strategy=auto` and `order_creation_error_strategy=retry_without_replaces_cert_id` will avoid this by leaving away `replaces` on retries. If `order_creation_error_strategy=fail`, for the above reason, this option should only be set to a value different from `never` if the role/playbook using it keeps track of order data accross restarts, or if it takes care to deactivate orders whose processing is aborted. Orders can be deactivated with the `community.crypto.acme_certificate_deactivate_authz` module.
- `modify_account` (Boolean) Boolean indicating whether the module should create the account if necessary, and update its contact data. Set to `false` if you want to use the `community.crypto.acme_account` module to manage your account instead, and to avoid accidental creation of a new account using an old key if you changed the account key with `community.crypto.acme_account`. If set to `false`, `terms_agreed` and `account_email` are ignored. The current default `true` is **deprecated** and will change to `false` in community.crypto 4.0.0.
- `order_creation_error_strategy` (String) Selects the error handling strategy for ACME protocol errors if creating a new ACME order fails.
- `order_creation_max_retries` (Number) Depending on the strategy selected in `order_creation_error_strategy`, will retry creating new orders for at most the specified amount of times.
- `profile` (String) Chose a specific profile for certificate selection. The available profiles depend on the CA. See [a blog post by Let's Encrypt]( https://letsencrypt.org/2025/01/09/acme-profiles/) and [draft-aaron-acme-profiles-00]( https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-aaron-acme-profiles/) for more information.
- `remaining_days` (Number) The number of days the certificate must have left being valid. If R`cert_days` < `remaining_days`, then it will be renewed. If the certificate is not renewed, module return values will not include R`challenge_data`. To make sure that the certificate is renewed in any case, you can use the `force` option.
- `retrieve_all_alternates` (Boolean) When set to `true`, will retrieve all alternate trust chains offered by the ACME CA. These will not be written to disk, but will be returned together with the main chain as R`all_chains`. See the documentation for the R`all_chains` return value for details.
- `select_chain` (String) Allows to specify criteria by which an (alternate) trust chain can be selected. The list of criteria will be processed one by one until a chain is found matching a criterium. If such a chain is found, it will be used by the module instead of the default chain. If a criterium matches multiple chains, the first one matching will be returned. The order is determined by the ordering of the `Link` headers returned by the ACME server and might not be deterministic. Every criterium can consist of multiple different conditions, like `select_chain[].issuer` and `select_chain[].subject`. For the criterium to match a chain, all conditions must apply to the same certificate in the chain. This option can only be used with the `cryptography` backend.
- `terms_agreed` (Boolean) Boolean indicating whether you agree to the terms of service document. ACME servers can require this to be true.

### Read-Only

- `account_uri` (String) ACME account URI.
- `all_chains` (String) When `retrieve_all_alternates` is set to `true`, the module will query the ACME server for alternate chains. This return value will contain a list of all chains returned, the first entry being the main chain returned by the server. See [Section 7.4.2 of RFC8555](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8555#section-7.4.2) for details.
- `authorizations` (String) ACME authorization data. Maps an identifier to ACME authorization objects. See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8555#section-7.1.4.
- `cert_days` (Number) The number of days the certificate remains valid.
- `challenge_data` (String) Per identifier / challenge type challenge data. Since Ansible 2.8.5, only challenges which are not yet valid are returned.
- `challenge_data_dns` (String) List of TXT values per DNS record, in case challenge is `dns-01`. Since Ansible 2.8.5, only challenges which are not yet valid are returned.
- `finalization_uri` (String) ACME finalization URI.
- `order_uri` (String) ACME order URI.
