---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_consul_agent_service Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_consul_agent_service (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `address` (String) The address to advertise that the service listens on. This value is passed as the `address` parameter to Consul's `/v1/agent/service/register` API method, so refer to the Consul API documentation for further details.
- `enable_tag_override` (Boolean) Specifies to disable the anti-entropy feature for this service's tags. If `EnableTagOverride` is set to true then external agents can update this service in the catalog and modify the tags.
- `id` (String) Specifies a unique ID for this service. This must be unique per agent. This defaults to the `name` parameter if not provided. If `state=absent`, defaults to the service name if supplied.
- `meta` (String) Optional meta data used for filtering. For keys, the characters `A-Z`, `a-z`, `0-9`, `_`, `-` are allowed. Not allowed characters are replaced with underscores.
- `name` (String) Unique name for the service on a node, must be unique per node, required if registering a service.
- `service_port` (Number) The port on which the service is listening. Can optionally be supplied for registration of a service, that is if `name` or `id` is set.
- `state` (String) Whether the service should be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Tags that are attached to the service registration.
- `weights` (String) Specifies weights for the service.

### Read-Only

- `operation` (String) The operation performed.
- `service` (String) The service as returned by the Consul HTTP API.
