---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_hwc_vpc_security_group_rule Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_hwc_vpc_security_group_rule (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `direction` (String) Specifies the direction of access control. The value can be egress or ingress.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `security_group_id` (String) Specifies the security group rule ID, which uniquely identifies the security group rule.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Provides supplementary information about the security group rule. The value is a string of no more than 255 characters that can contain letters and digits.
- `ethertype` (String) Specifies the IP protocol version. The value can be IPv4 or IPv6. If you do not set this parameter, IPv4 is used by default.
- `port_range_max` (Number) Specifies the end port number. The value ranges from 1 to 65535. If the protocol is not icmp, the value cannot be smaller than the port_range_min value. An empty value indicates all ports.
- `port_range_min` (Number) Specifies the start port number. The value ranges from 1 to 65535. The value cannot be greater than the port_range_max value. An empty value indicates all ports.
- `protocol` (String) Specifies the protocol type. The value can be icmp, tcp, or udp. If the parameter is left blank, the security group supports all protocols.
- `remote_group_id` (String) Specifies the ID of the peer security group. The value is exclusive with parameter remote_ip_prefix.
- `remote_ip_prefix` (String) Specifies the remote IP address. If the access control direction is set to egress, the parameter specifies the source IP address. If the access control direction is set to ingress, the parameter specifies the destination IP address. The value can be in the CIDR format or IP addresses. The parameter is exclusive with parameter remote_group_id.
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in Huawei Cloud.
