---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_keycloak_clienttemplate Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_keycloak_clienttemplate (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `attributes` (String) A dict of further attributes for this client template. This can contain various configuration settings, though in the default installation of Keycloak as of 3.4, none are documented or known, so this is usually empty.
- `description` (String) Description of the client template in Keycloak.
- `full_scope_allowed` (Boolean) Is the "Full Scope Allowed" feature set for this client template or not. This is `fullScopeAllowed` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `id` (String) ID of client template to be worked on. This is usually a UUID.
- `name` (String) Name of the client template.
- `protocol` (String) Type of client template. The `docker-v2` value was added in community.general 8.6.0.
- `protocol_mappers` (String) A list of dicts defining protocol mappers for this client template. This is `protocolMappers` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `realm` (String) Realm this client template is found in.
- `state` (String) State of the client template. On `present`, the client template is created (or updated if it exists already). On `absent`, the client template is removed if it exists.

### Read-Only

- `end_state` (String) Representation of client template after module execution (sample is truncated).
- `existing` (String) Representation of existing client template (sample is truncated).
- `msg` (String) Message as to what action was taken.
- `proposed` (String) Representation of proposed client template.
