---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ipmi_boot Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ipmi_boot (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bootdev` (String) Set boot device to use on next reboot. The choices for the device are: `network` -- Request network boot. `floppy` -- Boot from floppy. `hd` -- Boot from hard drive. `safe` -- Boot from hard drive, requesting 'safe mode'. `optical` -- boot from CD/DVD/BD drive. `setup` -- Boot into setup utility. `default` -- remove any IPMI directed boot device request.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `name` (String) Hostname or IP address of the BMC.
- `password` (String) Password to connect to the BMC.
- `user` (String) Username to use to connect to the BMC.

### Optional

- `key` (String) Encryption key to connect to the BMC in hex format.
- `persistent` (Boolean) If set, ask that system firmware uses this device beyond next boot. Be aware many systems do not honor this.
- `port` (Number) Remote RMCP port.
- `state` (String) Whether to ensure that boot devices is desired. The choices for the state are: - present -- Request system turn on - absent -- Request system turn on.
- `uefiboot` (Boolean) If set, request UEFI boot explicitly. Strictly speaking, the spec suggests that if not set, the system should BIOS boot and offers no "do not care" option. In practice, this flag not being set does not preclude UEFI boot on any system I have encountered.

### Read-Only

- `uefimode` (Boolean) If `true`, system firmware uses UEFI boot explicitly beyond next boot.
