---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_docker_docker_swarm_service Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_docker_docker_swarm_service (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `name` (String) Service name. Corresponds to the `--name` option of `docker service create`.

### Optional

- `args` (String) List arguments to be passed to the container. Corresponds to the `ARG` parameter of `docker service create`.
- `cap_add` (String) List of capabilities to add to the container. Requires API version >= 1.41.
- `cap_drop` (String) List of capabilities to drop from the container. Requires API version >= 1.41.
- `command` (String) Command to execute when the container starts. A command may be either a string or a list or a list of strings. Corresponds to the `COMMAND` parameter of `docker service create`.
- `configs` (String) List of dictionaries describing the service configs. Corresponds to the `--config` option of `docker service create`. Requires API version >= 1.30.
- `container_labels` (String) Dictionary of key value pairs. Corresponds to the `--container-label` option of `docker service create`.
- `dns` (String) List of custom DNS servers. Corresponds to the `--dns` option of `docker service create`.
- `dns_options` (String) List of custom DNS options. Corresponds to the `--dns-option` option of `docker service create`.
- `dns_search` (String) List of custom DNS search domains. Corresponds to the `--dns-search` option of `docker service create`.
- `endpoint_mode` (String) Service endpoint mode. Corresponds to the `--endpoint-mode` option of `docker service create`.
- `env` (String) List or dictionary of the service environment variables. If passed a list each items need to be in the format of `KEY=VALUE`. If passed a dictionary values which might be parsed as numbers, booleans or other types by the YAML parser must be quoted (for example `"true"`) in order to avoid data loss. Corresponds to the `--env` option of `docker service create`.
- `env_files` (String) List of paths to files, present on the target, containing environment variables `FOO=BAR`. The order of the list is significant in determining the value assigned to a variable that shows up more than once. If variable also present in `env`, then `env` value will override.
- `force_update` (Boolean) Force update even if no changes require it. Corresponds to the `--force` option of `docker service update`.
- `groups` (String) List of additional group names and/or IDs that the container process will run as. Corresponds to the `--group` option of `docker service update`.
- `healthcheck` (String) Configure a check that is run to determine whether or not containers for this service are "healthy". See the docs for the [HEALTHCHECK Dockerfile instruction](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#healthcheck) for details on how healthchecks work. `healthcheck.interval`, `healthcheck.timeout`, and `healthcheck.start_period` are specified as durations. They accept duration as a string in a format that look like: `5h34m56s`, `1m30s`, and so on. The supported units are `us`, `ms`, `s`, `m` and `h`.
- `hostname` (String) Container hostname. Corresponds to the `--hostname` option of `docker service create`.
- `hosts` (String) Dict of host-to-IP mappings, where each host name is a key in the dictionary. Each host name will be added to the container's /etc/hosts file. Corresponds to the `--host` option of `docker service create`.
- `image` (String) Service image path and tag. Corresponds to the `IMAGE` parameter of `docker service create`.
- `init` (Boolean) Use an init inside each service container to forward signals and reap processes. Corresponds to the `--init` option of `docker service create`. Requires API version >= 1.37.
- `labels` (String) Dictionary of key value pairs. Corresponds to the `--label` option of `docker service create`.
- `limits` (String) Configures service resource limits.
- `logging` (String) Logging configuration for the service.
- `mode` (String) Service replication mode. Service will be removed and recreated when changed. Corresponds to the `--mode` option of `docker service create`. The value `replicated-job` was added in community.docker 4.7.0, and requires API version >= 1.41 and Docker SDK for Python >= 6.0.0.
- `mounts` (String) List of dictionaries describing the service mounts. Corresponds to the `--mount` option of `docker service create`.
- `networks` (String) List of the service networks names or dictionaries. When passed dictionaries valid sub-options are `name`, which is required, and `aliases` and `options`. Prior to API version 1.29, updating and removing networks is not supported. If changes are made the service will then be removed and recreated. Corresponds to the `--network` option of `docker service create`.
- `placement` (String) Configures service placement preferences and constraints.
- `publish` (String) List of dictionaries describing the service published ports. Corresponds to the `--publish` option of `docker service create`.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mount the containers root filesystem as read only. Corresponds to the `--read-only` option of `docker service create`.
- `replicas` (Number) Number of containers instantiated in the service. Valid only if `mode=replicated` or `mode=replicated-job`. If set to `-1`, and service is not present, service replicas will be set to `1`. If set to `-1`, and service is present, service replicas will be unchanged. Corresponds to the `--replicas` option of `docker service create`.
- `reservations` (String) Configures service resource reservations.
- `resolve_image` (Boolean) If the current image digest should be resolved from registry and updated if changed. Requires API version >= 1.30.
- `restart_config` (String) Configures if and how to restart containers when they exit.
- `rollback_config` (String) Configures how the service should be rolled back in case of a failing update.
- `secrets` (String) List of dictionaries describing the service secrets. Corresponds to the `--secret` option of `docker service create`.
- `state` (String) `absent` - A service matching the specified name will be removed and have its tasks stopped. `present` - Asserts the existence of a service matching the name and provided configuration parameters. Unspecified configuration parameters will be set to docker defaults.
- `stop_grace_period` (String) Time to wait before force killing a container. Accepts a duration as a string in a format that look like: `5h34m56s`, `1m30s`, and so on. The supported units are `us`, `ms`, `s`, `m` and `h`. Corresponds to the `--stop-grace-period` option of `docker service create`.
- `stop_signal` (String) Override default signal used to stop the container. Corresponds to the `--stop-signal` option of `docker service create`.
- `sysctls` (String) Dictionary of key, value pairs.
- `tty` (Boolean) Allocate a pseudo-TTY. Corresponds to the `--tty` option of `docker service create`.
- `update_config` (String) Configures how the service should be updated. Useful for configuring rolling updates.
- `user` (String) Sets the username or UID used for the specified command. Before Ansible 2.8, the default value for this option was `root`. The default has been removed so that the user defined in the image is used if no user is specified here. Corresponds to the `--user` option of `docker service create`.
- `working_dir` (String) Path to the working directory. Corresponds to the `--workdir` option of `docker service create`.

### Read-Only

- `changes` (String) List of changed service attributes if a service has been altered, [] otherwise.
- `rebuilt` (Boolean) True if the service has been recreated (removed and created).
- `swarm_service` (String) Dictionary of variables representing the current state of the service. Matches the module parameters format. Note that facts are not part of registered vars but accessible directly. Note that before Ansible 2.7.9, the return variable was documented as `ansible_swarm_service`, while the module actually returned a variable called `ansible_docker_service`. The variable was renamed to R`swarm_service` in both code and documentation for Ansible 2.7.9 and Ansible 2.8.0. In Ansible 2.7.x, the old name `ansible_docker_service` can still be used.
