---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ipa_host Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ipa_host (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `fqdn` (String) Full qualified domain name. Can not be changed as it is the unique identifier.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of this host.
- `force` (Boolean) Force host name even if not in DNS.
- `force_creation` (Boolean) Create host if `state=disabled` or `state=enabled` but not present.
- `ip_address` (String) Add the host to DNS with this IP address.
- `l` (String) Host locality (for example `Baltimore, MD`).
- `mac_address` (String) List of Hardware MAC address(es) off this host. If option is omitted MAC addresses are not checked nor changed. If an empty list is passed all assigned MAC addresses are removed. MAC addresses that are already assigned but not passed are removed.
- `ns_hardware_platform` (String) Host hardware platform (for example `Lenovo T61"`).
- `ns_host_location` (String) Host location (for example `Lab 2`).
- `ns_os_version` (String) Host operating system and version (for example `Fedora 9`).
- `random_password` (Boolean) Generate a random password to be used in bulk enrollment.
- `state` (String) State to ensure.
- `update_dns` (Boolean) If set `true` with `state=absent`, then removes DNS records of the host managed by FreeIPA DNS. This option has no effect for states other than `absent`.
- `user_certificate` (String) List of Base-64 encoded server certificates. If option is omitted certificates are not checked nor changed. If an empty list is passed all assigned certificates are removed. Certificates already assigned but not passed are removed.
- `userclass` (String) Host category (semantics placed on this attribute are for local interpretation).

### Read-Only

- `host` (String) Host as returned by IPA API.
- `host_diff` (String) List of options that differ and would be changed.
