---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_libvirt_virt_install Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_libvirt_virt_install (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `name` (String) Name of the new guest virtual machine instance.

### Optional

- `arch` (String) Request a non-native CPU architecture for the guest virtual machine. If omitted, the host CPU architecture will be used in the guest.
- `audio` (String) Configure host audio output for the guest's sound hardware. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual audio backend properties.
- `audio_devices` (String) Configure multiple audio backends for the guest.
- `autostart` (Boolean) Set the autostart flag for a domain.
- `blkiotune` (String) Tune block I/O policy for the domain process.
- `boot` (String) Set the boot device priority for post-install configuration.
- `boot_opts` (String) Additional options for boot configuration. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual boot options.
- `cdrom` (String) ISO file or CDROM device to use for VM install media.
- `channel` (String) Attach a communication channel device to connect the guest and host machine. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual channel properties.
- `channel_devices` (String) Configure multiple channel devices for the guest.
- `clock` (String) Configure the clock for the guest.
- `cloud_init` (String) Pass cloud-init metadata to the VM. A cloud-init NoCloud ISO file is generated, and attached to the VM as a CDROM device.
- `console` (String) Connect a text console between the guest and host. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual console properties. Common properties include *type* and *target* for different console types.
- `console_devices` (String) Configure multiple console devices for the guest.
- `container` (Boolean) This guest should be a container type guest.
- `controller` (String) Attach a controller device to the guest. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual controller properties. Examples include *type=usb,model=none* to disable USB, or *type=scsi,model=virtio-scsi* for VirtIO SCSI.
- `controller_devices` (String) Configure multiple controller devices for the guest.
- `cpu` (String) Configure the CPU model and CPU features exposed to the guest.
- `cputune` (String) Tune CPU parameters for the guest.
- `destroy_on_exit` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the VM will be destroyed when the console window is exited.
- `disks` (String) Specify the storage devices for the guest.
- `events` (String) Specify events values for the guest.
- `extra_args` (String) Additional kernel command line arguments to pass to the installer when performing a guest install with `location`.
- `features` (String) Enable or disable certain machine features. The value should be a dictionary where each key is a feature name and the value is a dictionary of options for that feature. An empty object `{}` for a feature indicates to turn on that feature with default options. Example: `hyperv.spinlocks: {state: off}`, `pvspinlock: {}`
- `filesystems` (String) Specifies directories on the host to export to the guest.
- `graphics` (String) Configure the graphical display for the guest virtual machine. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual properties. Common properties include *type* (e.g. `vnc`, `spice`) and *listen*.
- `graphics_devices` (String) Configure multiple graphics devices for the guest.
- `host_devices` (String) Configure multiple host devices for the guest.
- `hostdev` (String) Attach a physical host device to the guest. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual host device properties.
- `hvm` (Boolean) Request the use of full virtualization.
- `idmap` (String) Configure the UID or GID mapping for the guest.
- `import` (Boolean) Skip the OS installation process, and build a guest around an existing disk image.
- `initrd_inject` (String) Add PATH to the root of the initrd fetched with `location`.
- `input` (String) Attach an input device to the guest. Input device types include mouse, tablet, or keyboard. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual input device properties.
- `input_devices` (String) Configure multiple input devices for the guest.
- `install` (String) Additional options for the installation. This option is strictly for VM install operations, essentially configuring the first boot.
- `iommu` (String) Add an IOMMU device to the guest. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual IOMMU properties.
- `iommu_devices` (String) Configure multiple IOMMU devices for the guest.
- `iothreads` (Number) Number of I/O threads to configure for the guest.
- `iothreads_opts` (String) Additional options for I/O threads configuration.
- `keywrap` (String) Configure domain keywrap settings used for S390 cryptographic key management operations.
- `launch_security` (String) Enable launch security for the guest.
- `location` (String) The installation source, which can be a URL or a directory path containing the OS distribution installation media.
- `location_opts` (String) Additional options for the installation source.
- `machine` (String) The machine type to emulate. This will typically not need to be specified for Xen or KVM.
- `memballoon` (String) Attach a virtual memory balloon device to the guest. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual memory balloon properties. Common properties include *model* (e.g. `virtio`, `xen`).
- `memballoon_devices` (String) Configure multiple memory balloon devices for the guest.
- `memory` (Number) Memory to allocate for the guest, in MiB.
- `memory_opts` (String) Additional options for memory allocation.
- `memorybacking` (String) Specify how virtual memory pages are backed by host pages
- `memtune` (String) Tune memory policy for the domain process. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual memtune entries.
- `metadata` (String) Specify the metadata for the guest virtual machine. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual metadata entries. e.g. `{uuid: 4dea22b3-1d52-d8f3-2516-782e98ab3fa0}` Use `virt-install --metadata=?` to see a list of all available sub options.
- `networks` (String) Connect the guest to the host network. Empty list `[]` means no default network interface.
- `noreboot` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the VM will not automatically reboot after the install has completed.
- `numatune` (String) Tune NUMA policy for the domain process.
- `osinfo` (String) Optimize the guest configuration for a specific operating system.
- `panic` (String) Attach a panic notifier device to the guest. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual panic device properties.
- `panic_devices` (String) Configure multiple panic devices for the guest.
- `parallel` (String) Attach a parallel device to the guest. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual parallel device properties.
- `parallel_devices` (String) Configure multiple parallel devices for the guest.
- `paravirt` (Boolean) This guest should be a paravirtualized guest.
- `pm` (String) Configure the power management for the guest.
- `pxe` (Boolean) Install the guest from PXE.
- `qemu_commandline` (String) Pass options directly to the qemu emulator. Only works for the libvirt qemu driver.
- `recreate` (Boolean) Use with present to force the re-creation of an existing VM.
- `redirdev` (String) Add a redirected device for USB or other device redirection. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual redirection properties. Common properties include *bus=usb*, *type=tcp* or *type=spicevmc*.
- `redirected_devices` (String) Configure multiple redirected devices for the guest.
- `resource` (String) Specify resource partitioning for the guest. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual resource entries. Use `virt-install --resource=?` to see a list of all available sub options.
- `rng` (String) Configure a virtual random number generator (RNG) device. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual RNG properties.
- `rng_devices` (String) Configure multiple RNG devices for the guest.
- `security` (String) Configure domain seclabel domain settings. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual security entries.
- `serial` (String) Attach a serial device to the guest with various redirection options. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual serial device properties.
- `serial_devices` (String) Configure multiple serial devices for the guest.
- `shmem` (String) Attach a shared memory device to the guest. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual shared memory properties.
- `shmem_devices` (String) Configure multiple shared memory devices for the guest.
- `smartcard` (String) Configure a virtual smartcard device. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual smartcard properties.
- `smartcard_devices` (String) Configure multiple smartcard devices for the guest.
- `sound` (String) Attach a virtual audio device to the guest. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual sound device properties. Common properties include *model* (e.g. `ich6`, `ich9`, `ac97`).
- `sound_devices` (String) Configure multiple sound devices for the guest.
- `state` (String) If set to `present`, create the VM if it does not exist. If set to `absent`, remove the VM if it exists.
- `sysinfo` (String) Configure sysinfo/SMBIOS values exposed to the VM OS. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual sysinfo entries. Use `virt-install --sysinfo=?` to see a list of all available sub options.
- `tpm` (String) Configure a virtual TPM (Trusted Platform Module) device. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual TPM properties.
- `tpm_devices` (String) Configure multiple TPM devices for the guest.
- `transient` (Boolean) If set to `true`, libvirt forgets the XML configuration of the VM after shutdown or host restart.
- `unattended` (String) Perform an unattended install using libosinfo's install script support.
- `vcpus` (Number) Number of virtual cpus to configure for the guest.
- `vcpus_opts` (String) Additional options for virtual CPU configuration.
- `video` (String) Specify what video device model will be attached to the guest. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual video device properties.
- `video_devices` (String) Configure multiple video devices for the guest.
- `virt_type` (String) The hypervisor used to create the VM guest. Example choices are `kvm`, `qemu`, or `xen`.
- `vsock` (String) Configure a vsock host/guest interface. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual vsock properties.
- `vsock_devices` (String) Configure multiple vsock devices for the guest.
- `watchdog` (String) Attach a virtual hardware watchdog device to the guest. The dictionary contains key/value pairs that define individual watchdog properties.
- `watchdog_devices` (String) Configure multiple watchdog devices for the guest.
