---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_user Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_user (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `name` (String) Name of the user (role) to add or remove.

### Optional

- `ca_cert` (String) Specifies the name of a file containing SSL certificate authority (CA) certificate(s). If the file exists, verifies that the server's certificate is signed by one of these authorities.
- `comment` (String) Adds a comment on the user (equivalent to the `COMMENT ON ROLE` statement). To reset the comment, pass an empty string.
- `configuration` (String) Role-specific configuration parameters that would otherwise be set by `ALTER ROLE user SET variable TO value;`. Takes a dict where the key is the name of the configuration parameter. If the key includes special characters like `.` and `-`, it needs to be quoted to ensure the YAML is valid. Sets or updates any parameter in the list that is not present or has the wrong value in the database. Removes any parameter from the user that is not listed here. Parameters that are present in the database but are not included in this list will only be reset, if `reset_unspecified_configuration=true`. Inputs to `user` as well as keys and values in this parameter are quoted by the module. If you require the user to contain a `"`, you need to double it, otherwise the module will fail. `"` and `'` are not allowed in configuration keys and any `'` in the value of a configuration will be escaped by this module. Additionally, parameters and values are checked if `trust_input` is `false`.
- `conn_limit` (Number) Specifies the user (role) connection limit.
- `encrypted` (Boolean) Whether the password is stored hashed in the database. You can specify an unhashed password, and PostgreSQL ensures the stored password is hashed when *encrypted=true* is set. If you specify a hashed password, the module uses it as-is, regardless of the setting of *encrypted*. Note: Postgresql 10 and newer does not support unhashed passwords. Previous to Ansible 2.6, this was `false` by default.
- `expires` (String) The date at which the user's password is to expire. If set to `'infinity'`, user's password never expires. Note that this value must be a valid SQL date and time type.
- `fail_on_user` (Boolean) If `true`, fails when the user (role) cannot be removed. Otherwise just log and continue.
- `login_db` (String) Name of database to connect to and where user's permissions are granted. The `db` alias is deprecated and will be removed in version 5.0.0.
- `no_password_changes` (Boolean) If `true`, does not inspect the database for password changes. If the user already exists, skips all password related checks. Useful when `pg_authid` is not accessible (such as in AWS RDS). Otherwise, makes password changes as necessary.
- `password` (String) Set the user's password, before 1.4 this was required. Password can be passed unhashed or hashed (MD5-hashed). An unhashed password is automatically hashed when saved into the database if *encrypted* is set, otherwise it is saved in plain text format. When passing an MD5-hashed password, you must generate it with the format `'str["md5"] + md5[ password + username ]'`, resulting in a total of 35 characters. An easy way to do this is `echo "md5`echo -n 'verysecretpasswordJOE' | md5sum | awk '{print $1}'`"`. Note that if the provided password string is already in MD5-hashed format, then it is used as-is, regardless of *encrypted* option.
- `quote_configuration_values` (Boolean) Automatically quote the values of configuration variables added via *configuration*. The default is `true` and setting this to `false` leaves these options open to SQL-injections and makes the user responsible for properly quoting values. This is required to be `false` to modify settings like `search_path`, that need to be unquoted. If this is `false` you will also need to make sure that strings are properly quoted. For example `"'16MB'"` for `work_mem`. Set this only to `false` if you know what you are doing!
- `reset_unspecified_configuration` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the user's default configuration parameters will be reset in case they are not included in `configuration`, otherwise existing parameters will not be modified if not included in `configuration`.
- `role_attr_flags` (String) PostgreSQL user attributes string in the format: CREATEDB,CREATEROLE,SUPERUSER. Note that '[NO]CREATEUSER' is deprecated. To create a simple role for using it like a group, use `NOLOGIN` flag. See the full list of supported flags in documentation for your PostgreSQL version.
- `session_role` (String) Switch to session role after connecting. The specified session role must be a role that the current login_user is a member of. Permissions checking for SQL commands is carried out as though the session role were the one that had logged in originally.
- `ssl_mode` (String) Determines how an SSL session is negotiated with the server. See https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/static/libpq-ssl.html for more information on the modes. Default of `prefer` matches libpq default.
- `state` (String) The user (role) state.
- `trust_input` (Boolean) If `false`, checks whether values of options *name*, *password*, *expires*, *role_attr_flags*, *comment*, *session_role* are potentially dangerous. It makes sense to use `false` only when SQL injections through the options are possible.

### Read-Only

- `queries` (String) List of executed queries.
