---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_sefcontext Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_sefcontext (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `target` (String) Target path (expression).

### Optional

- `ftype` (String) The file type that should have SELinux contexts applied. The following file type options are available: `a` for all files, `b` for block devices, `c` for character devices, `d` for directories, `f` for regular files, `l` for symbolic links, `p` for named pipes, `s` for socket files.
- `ignore_selinux_state` (Boolean) Useful for scenarios (chrooted environment) that you cannot get the real SELinux state.
- `reload` (Boolean) Reload SELinux policy after commit. Note that this does not apply SELinux file contexts to existing files.
- `selevel` (String) SELinux range for the specified `target`. Defaults to `s0` for new file contexts and to existing value when modifying file contexts.
- `setype` (String) SELinux type for the specified `target`.
- `seuser` (String) SELinux user for the specified `target`. Defaults to `system_u` for new file contexts and to existing value when modifying file contexts.
- `state` (String) Whether the SELinux file context must be `absent` or `present`. Specifying `absent` without either `setype` or `substitute` deletes both SELinux type or path substitution mappings that match `target`.
- `substitute` (String) Path to use to substitute file context(s) for the specified `target`. The context labeling for the `target` subtree is made equivalent to this path. This is also referred to as SELinux file context equivalence and it implements the `equal` functionality of the SELinux management tools.
