---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ipa_hbacrule Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ipa_hbacrule (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cn` (String) Canonical name. Can not be changed as it is the unique identifier.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description.
- `host` (String) List of host names to assign. If an empty list is passed all hosts are removed from the rule. If option is omitted hosts are not checked or changed.
- `hostcategory` (String) Host category.
- `hostgroup` (String) List of hostgroup names to assign. If an empty list is passed all hostgroups are removed from the rule. If option is omitted hostgroups are not checked or changed.
- `service` (String) List of service names to assign. If an empty list is passed all services are removed from the rule. If option is omitted services are not checked or changed.
- `servicecategory` (String) Service category.
- `servicegroup` (String) List of service group names to assign. If an empty list is passed all assigned service groups are removed from the rule. If option is omitted service groups are not checked or changed.
- `sourcehost` (String) List of source host names to assign. If an empty list if passed all assigned source hosts are removed from the rule. If option is omitted source hosts are not checked or changed.
- `sourcehostcategory` (String) Source host category.
- `sourcehostgroup` (String) List of source host group names to assign. If an empty list if passed all assigned source host groups are removed from the rule. If option is omitted source host groups are not checked or changed.
- `state` (String) State to ensure.
- `user` (String) List of user names to assign. If an empty list if passed all assigned users are removed from the rule. If option is omitted users are not checked or changed.
- `usercategory` (String) User category.
- `usergroup` (String) List of user group names to assign. If an empty list if passed all assigned user groups are removed from the rule. If option is omitted user groups are not checked or changed.

### Read-Only

- `hbacrule` (String) HBAC rule as returned by IPA API.
