---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_backup Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_backup (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `mode` (String) Specifices the mode to select backup targets.
- `storage` (String) Store the backup archive on this storage.

### Optional

- `backup_mode` (String) The mode how Proxmox performs backups. The default is, to create a runtime snapshot including memory. Check https://pve.proxmox.com/pve-docs/chapter-vzdump.html#_backup_modes for an explanation of the differences.
- `bandwidth` (Number) Limit the I/O bandwidth (in KiB/s) to write backup. `0` is unlimited.
- `change_detection_mode` (String) Set the change detection mode (available from Proxmox VE 8.3). It is only used when backing up containers, Proxmox silently ignores this option when applied to kvm guests.
- `compress` (String) Enable additional compression of the backup archive. `0` will use the Proxmox recommended value, depending on your storage target.
- `compression_threads` (Number) The number of threads zstd will use to compress the backup. `0` uses 50% of the available cores, anything larger than `0` will use exactly as many threads. Is ignored if you specify `compress=gzip` or `compress=lzo`.
- `description` (String) Specify the description of the backup. Needs to be a single line, newline and backslash need to be escaped as `\\n` and `\\\\` respectively. If you need variable interpolation, you can set the content as usual through ansible jinja templating and/or let Proxmox substitute templates. Proxmox currently supports `{{cluster}}`, `{{guestname}}`, `{{node}}`, and `{{vmid}}` as templating variables. Since this is also a jinja delimiter, you need to set these values as raw jinja.
- `fleecing` (String) Enable backup fleecing. Works only for virtual machines and their disks. Must be entered as a string, containing key-value pairs in a list.
- `node` (String) Only execute the backup job for the given node. This option is usually used if `mode=all`. If you specify a node ID and your vmids or pool do not reside there, they will not be backed up!
- `notification_mode` (String) Determine which notification system to use.
- `performance_tweaks` (String) Enable other performance-related settings. Must be entered as a string, containing comma separated key-value pairs. For example: `max-workers=2,pbs-entries-max=2`.
- `pool` (String) Specify a pool name to limit backups to guests to the given pool. Required, when `mode=pool`. Also required, when your user only has VM.Backup permission for this single pool.
- `protected` (Boolean) Marks backups as protected. "Might fail, when the PBS backend has verify enabled due to this bug: https://bugzilla.proxmox.com/show_bug.cgi?id=4289".
- `retention` (String) Use custom retention options instead of those from the default cluster configuration (which is usually `"keep-all=1"`). Always requires Datastore.Allocate permission at the storage endpoint. Specifying a retention time other than `keep-all=1` might trigger pruning on the datastore, if an existing backup should be deleted due to your specified timeframe. Deleting requires `Datastore.Modify` or `Datastore.Prune` permissions on the backup storage.
- `vmids` (String) The instance IDs to be backed up. Only valid, if `mode=include`.
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait for the backup to be finished. Fails, if job does not succeed successfully within the given timeout.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) Seconds to wait for the backup to be finished. Will only be evaluated, if `wait=true`.

### Read-Only

- `backups` (String) List of nodes and their task IDs.
