---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_luks_device Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_luks_device (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `allow_discards` (Boolean) Allow discards (also known as TRIM) requests for device. Will only be used when opening containers.
- `cipher` (String) This option allows the user to define the cipher specification string for the LUKS container. Will only be used on container creation. For pre-2.6.10 kernels, use `aes-plain` as they do not understand the new cipher spec strings. To use ESSIV, use `aes-cbc-essiv:sha256`.
- `device` (String) Device to work with (for example `/dev/sda1`). Needed in most cases. Can be omitted only when `state=closed` together with `name` is provided.
- `force_remove_last_key` (Boolean) If set to `true`, allows removing the last key from a container. BEWARE that when the last key has been removed from a container, the container can no longer be opened!
- `hash` (String) This option allows the user to specify the hash function used in LUKS key setup scheme and volume key digest. Will only be used on container creation.
- `keyfile` (String) Used to unlock the container. Either a `keyfile` or a `passphrase` is needed for most of the operations. Parameter value is the path to the keyfile with the passphrase. BEWARE that working with keyfiles in plaintext is dangerous. Make sure that they are protected.
- `keysize` (Number) Sets the key size only if LUKS container does not exist.
- `keyslot` (Number) Adds the `keyfile` or `passphrase` to a specific keyslot when creating a new container on `device`. Parameter value is the number of the keyslot. Defines the keyslot whose priority will be changed by `keyslot_priority` **Note** that a device of `type=luks1` supports the keyslot numbers `0`-`7` and a device of `type=luks2` supports the keyslot numbers `0`-`31`. In order to use the keyslots `8`-`31` when creating a new container, setting `type` to `luks2` is required.
- `keyslot_priority` (String) Sets the keyslot priority for the keyslot specified by `keyslot`. **Note** that keyslot priority is only supported for LUKS2 containers.
- `label` (String) This option allow the user to create a LUKS2 format container with label support, respectively to identify the container by label on later usages. Will only be used on container creation, or when `device` is not specified. This cannot be specified if `type` is set to `luks1`.
- `name` (String) Sets container name when `state=opened`. Can be used instead of `device` when closing the existing container (that is, when `state=closed`).
- `new_keyfile` (String) Adds additional key to given container on `device`. Needs `keyfile` or `passphrase` option for authorization. LUKS container supports up to 8 keyslots. Parameter value is the path to the keyfile with the passphrase. NOTE that adding additional keys is idempotent only since community.crypto 1.4.0. For older versions, a new keyslot will be used even if another keyslot already exists for this keyfile. BEWARE that working with keyfiles in plaintext is dangerous. Make sure that they are protected.
- `new_keyslot` (Number) Adds the additional `new_keyfile` or `new_passphrase` to a specific keyslot on the given `device`. Parameter value is the number of the keyslot. **Note** that a device of `type=luks1` supports the keyslot numbers `0`-`7` and a device of `type=luks2` supports the keyslot numbers `0`-`31`.
- `new_passphrase` (String) Adds additional passphrase to given container on `device`. Needs `keyfile` or `passphrase` option for authorization. LUKS container supports up to 8 keyslots. Parameter value is a string with the new passphrase. NOTE that adding additional passphrase is idempotent only since community.crypto 1.4.0. For older versions, a new keyslot will be used even if another keyslot already exists for this passphrase. **Note** that the passphrase must be UTF-8 encoded text. If you want to use arbitrary binary data, or text using another encoding, use the `passphrase_encoding` option and provide the passphrase Base64 encoded.
- `new_tpm2` (String) Adds a TPM2 security chip to given container on `device`. Expects a device node path referring to the TPM2 chip (e.g. `/dev/tpmrm0`). Alternatively the special value `auto` may be specified, in order to automatically determine the device node of a currently discovered TPM2 device (of which there must be exactly one). Requires `new_tpm2_pcrs`. **Note** that `new_keyslot` does not affect the keyslot for TPM2 enrollment. **Note** that only LUKS2 containers are supported. **Note** that systemd-cryptsetup (v248 or newer) is required.
- `new_tpm2_pcrs` (String) TPM2 PCRs (Platform Configuration Registers) to bind to. See systemd-cryptenroll documentation for details (`--tpm2-pcrs` argument).
- `passphrase` (String) Used to unlock the container. Either a `passphrase` or a `keyfile` is needed for most of the operations. Parameter value is a string with the passphrase. **Note** that the passphrase must be UTF-8 encoded text. If you want to use arbitrary binary data, or text using another encoding, use the `passphrase_encoding` option and provide the passphrase Base64 encoded.
- `passphrase_encoding` (String) Determine how passphrases are provided to parameters such as `passphrase`, `new_passphrase`, and `remove_passphrase`.
- `pbkdf` (String) This option allows the user to configure the Password-Based Key Derivation Function (PBKDF) used. Will only be used on container creation, and when adding keys to an existing container.
- `perf_no_read_workqueue` (Boolean) Allows the user to bypass dm-crypt internal workqueue and process read requests synchronously. Will only be used when opening containers.
- `perf_no_write_workqueue` (Boolean) Allows the user to bypass dm-crypt internal workqueue and process write requests synchronously. Will only be used when opening containers.
- `perf_same_cpu_crypt` (Boolean) Allows the user to perform encryption using the same CPU that IO was submitted on. The default is to use an unbound workqueue so that encryption work is automatically balanced between available CPUs. Will only be used when opening containers.
- `perf_submit_from_crypt_cpus` (Boolean) Allows the user to disable offloading writes to a separate thread after encryption. There are some situations where offloading block write IO operations from the encryption threads to a single thread degrades performance significantly. The default is to offload block write IO operations to the same thread. Will only be used when opening containers.
- `persistent` (Boolean) Allows the user to store options into container's metadata persistently and automatically use them next time. Only `perf_same_cpu_crypt`, `perf_submit_from_crypt_cpus`, `perf_no_read_workqueue`, `perf_no_write_workqueue`, and `allow_discards` can be stored persistently. Will only work with LUKS2 containers. Will only be used when opening containers.
- `remove_keyfile` (String) Removes given key from the container on `device`. Does not remove the keyfile from filesystem. Parameter value is the path to the keyfile with the passphrase. NOTE that removing keys is idempotent only since community.crypto 1.4.0. For older versions, trying to remove a key which no longer exists results in an error. NOTE that to remove the last key from a LUKS container, the `force_remove_last_key` option must be set to `true`. BEWARE that working with keyfiles in plaintext is dangerous. Make sure that they are protected.
- `remove_keyslot` (Number) Removes the key in the given slot on `device`. Needs `keyfile` or `passphrase` for authorization. **Note** that a device of `type=luks1` supports the keyslot numbers `0`-`7` and a device of `type=luks2` supports the keyslot numbers `0`-`31`. **Note** that the given `keyfile` or `passphrase` must not be in the slot to be removed.
- `remove_passphrase` (String) Removes given passphrase from the container on `device`. Parameter value is a string with the passphrase to remove. NOTE that removing passphrases is idempotent only since community.crypto 1.4.0. For older versions, trying to remove a passphrase which no longer exists results in an error. NOTE that to remove the last keyslot from a LUKS container, the `force_remove_last_key` option must be set to `true`. **Note** that the passphrase must be UTF-8 encoded text. If you want to use arbitrary binary data, or text using another encoding, use the `passphrase_encoding` option and provide the passphrase Base64 encoded.
- `remove_tpm2` (Boolean) Removes **all** key slots on `device` that are unlocked by a TPM2 device. Needs `keyfile`, `passphrase`, or `tpm2_device` for authorization. **Note** that systemd-cryptsetup (v248 or newer) is required. **Note** that you should avoid using `tpm2_device` to authorize removal of all TPM2 slots to ensure that you can still access the container afterwards.
- `sector_size` (Number) This option allows the user to specify the sector size (in bytes) used for LUKS2 containers. Will only be used on container creation.
- `state` (String) Desired state of the LUKS container. Based on its value creates, destroys, opens or closes the LUKS container on a given device. `present` will create LUKS container unless already present. Requires `device` and either `keyfile` or `passphrase` options to be provided. `absent` will remove existing LUKS container if it exists. Requires `device` or `name` to be specified. `opened` will unlock the LUKS container. Requires `device` and one of `keyfile`, `passphrase`, `tpm2_device` to be specified. If the container does not exist it will be created first, however `tpm2_device` can not be used for creation. Use the `name` option to set the name of the opened container. Otherwise the name will be generated automatically and returned as a part of the result. `closed` will lock the LUKS container. However if the container does not exist it will be created. Requires `device` and either `keyfile` or `passphrase` options to be provided. If container does already exist `device` or `name` will suffice.
- `tpm2_device` (String) Used to unlock the container, but can not be used for container creation. A device node path referring to a TPM2 chip (for example `/dev/tpmrm0`). Alternatively the special value `auto` may be specified, in order to automatically determine the device node of a currently discovered TPM2 device (of which there must be exactly one). **Note** that only LUKS2 containers are supported **Note** that systemd-cryptsetup (v256 or newer) is required.
- `type` (String) This option allow the user explicit define the format of LUKS container that wants to work with. Options are `luks1` or `luks2`.
- `uuid` (String) With this option user can identify the LUKS container by UUID. Will only be used when `device` and `label` are not specified.
