---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_openssl_pkcs12 Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_openssl_pkcs12 (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `path` (String) Filename to write the PKCS#12 file to.

### Optional

- `action` (String) `export` or `parse` a PKCS#12.
- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file including a timestamp so you can get the original output file back if you overwrote it with a new one by accident.
- `certificate_content` (String) Content of the certificate file in PEM format. Mutually exclusive with `certificate_path`.
- `certificate_path` (String) The path to read certificates and private keys from. Must be in PEM format. Mutually exclusive with `certificate_content`.
- `encryption_level` (String) Determines the encryption level used. `auto` uses the default of the selected backend. For `cryptography`, this is what the cryptography library's specific version considers the best available encryption. `compatibility2022` uses compatibility settings for older software in 2022. This is only supported by the `cryptography` backend if cryptography >= 38.0.0 is available. **Note** that this option is **not used for idempotency**.
- `force` (Boolean) Should the file be regenerated even if it already exists.
- `friendly_name` (String) Specifies the friendly name for the certificate and private key.
- `iter_size` (Number) Number of times to repeat the encryption step. This is **not considered during idempotency checks**. This is only used when `encryption_level=compatibility2022`. When using it, the default is `50000`.
- `maciter_size` (Number) Number of times to repeat the MAC step. This is **not considered during idempotency checks**. This value is **not used**. It is deprecated and will be removed from community.crypto 4.0.0.
- `other_certificates` (String) List of other certificates to include. Pre Ansible 2.8 this parameter was called `ca_certificates`. Assumes there is one PEM-encoded certificate per file. If a file contains multiple PEM certificates, set `other_certificates_parse_all` to `true`. Mutually exclusive with `other_certificates_content`.
- `other_certificates_content` (String) List of other certificates to include. Assumes there is one PEM-encoded certificate per item. If an item contains multiple PEM certificates, set `other_certificates_parse_all` Mutually exclusive with `other_certificates`.
- `other_certificates_parse_all` (Boolean) If set to `true`, assumes that the files mentioned in `other_certificates`/`other_certificates_content` can contain more than one certificate per file/item (or even none per file/item).
- `passphrase` (String) The PKCS#12 password. **Note:** PKCS12 encryption is typically not secure and should not be used as a security mechanism. If you need to store or send a PKCS12 file safely, you should additionally encrypt it with something else. ([Source]( https://cryptography.io/en/latest/hazmat/primitives/asymmetric/serialization/#cryptography.hazmat.primitives.serialization.pkcs12.serialize_key_and_certificates)).
- `privatekey_content` (String) Content of the private key file. Mutually exclusive with `privatekey_path`.
- `privatekey_passphrase` (String) Passphrase source to decrypt any input private keys with.
- `privatekey_path` (String) File to read private key from. Mutually exclusive with `privatekey_content`.
- `return_content` (Boolean) If set to `true`, will return the (current or generated) PKCS#12's content as R`pkcs12`.
- `select_crypto_backend` (String) Determines which crypto backend to use. The default choice is `auto`, which tries to use `cryptography` if available. If set to `cryptography`, will try to use the [cryptography](https://cryptography.io/) library. The value `pyopenssl` has been removed for community.crypto 3.0.0. Note that with community.crypto 3.0.0, all remaining values behave the same. This option will be deprecated in a later version. We recommend to not set it explicitly.
- `src` (String) PKCS#12 file path to parse.
- `state` (String) Whether the file should exist or not. All parameters except `path` are ignored when state is `absent`.

### Read-Only

- `backup_file` (String) Name of backup file created.
- `filename` (String) Path to the generate PKCS#12 file.
- `pkcs12` (String) The (current or generated) PKCS#12's content Base64 encoded.
- `privatekey` (String) Path to the TLS/SSL private key the public key was generated from.
