---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_pkgng Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_pkgng (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `name` (String) Name or list of names of packages to install/remove. With `name=*`, `state=latest` operates, but `state=present` and `state=absent` are noops.

### Optional

- `annotation` (String) A list of keyvalue-pairs of the form `<+/-/:><key>[=<value>]`. A `+` denotes adding an annotation, a `-` denotes removing an annotation, and `:` denotes modifying an annotation. If setting or modifying annotations, a value must be provided.
- `autoremove` (Boolean) Remove automatically installed packages which are no longer needed.
- `cached` (Boolean) Use local package base instead of fetching an updated one.
- `chroot` (String) Pkg chroots in the specified environment. Can not be used together with `rootdir` or `jail` options.
- `ignore_osver` (Boolean) Ignore FreeBSD OS version check, useful on `-STABLE` and `-CURRENT` branches. Defines the `IGNORE_OSVERSION` environment variable.
- `jail` (String) Pkg executes in the given jail name or ID. Can not be used together with `chroot` or `rootdir` options.
- `pkgsite` (String) For `pkgng` versions before 1.1.4, specify `packagesite` to use for downloading packages. If not specified, use settings from `/usr/local/etc/pkg.conf`. For newer `pkgng` versions, specify a the name of a repository configured in `/usr/local/etc/pkg/repos`.
- `rootdir` (String) For `pkgng` versions 1.5 and later, pkg installs all packages within the specified root directory. Can not be used together with `chroot` or `jail` options.
- `state` (String) State of the package.
- `use_globs` (Boolean) Treat the package names as shell glob patterns.
