---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_cluster_ha_rules Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_cluster_ha_rules (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `name` (String) HA rule identifier.
- `state` (String) create or delete rule

### Optional

- `affinity` (String) Describes whether the HA resource are supposed to be kept on the same node `positive`,
or are supposed to be kept on separate nodes `negative`.
Required if `type=resource-affinity`.
- `comment` (String) Description
- `disable` (Boolean) Whether the HA rule is disabled. If not specified, the Proxmox API default `false` will be used.
- `force` (Boolean) Existing rules with a specific `type` can not be changed to the other type.
If `force=true`, the existing rule will be deleted and recreated with the new type.
- `nodes` (String) List of cluster node members, where a priority can be given to each node. A resource bound to a group will run on the
available nodes with the highest priority. If there are more nodes in the highest priority class, the services will
get distributed to those nodes. The priorities have a
relative meaning only. The higher the number, the higher the priority.
It can either be a string `node_name:priority,node_name:priority` or an actual list of strings.
Required if `type=node-affinity`.
- `resources` (String) List of HA resource IDs. It can either be a string `vm:100,ct:101` or an actual list of strings.
- `strict` (Boolean) If false, the HA resource can also be moved to other nodes if there is none of the specified nodes available.
If not specified, the Proxmox API default `false` will be used.
- `type` (String) HA rule type.

### Read-Only

- `rule` (String) A representation of the rule.
