---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_gitlab_merge_request Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_gitlab_merge_request (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `project` (String) The path or name of the project.
- `source_branch` (String) Merge request's source branch. Ignored while updating existing merge request.
- `target_branch` (String) Merge request's target branch.
- `title` (String) A title for the merge request.

### Optional

- `assignee_ids` (String) Comma separated list of assignees usernames omitting `@` character. Set to empty string to unassign all assignees.
- `description` (String) A description for the merge request. Gets overridden by a content of file specified at `description_path`, if found.
- `description_path` (String) A path of file containing merge request's description. Accepts MarkDown formatted files.
- `labels` (String) Comma separated list of label names.
- `remove_source_branch` (Boolean) Flag indicating if a merge request should remove the source branch when merging.
- `reviewer_ids` (String) Comma separated list of reviewers usernames omitting `@` character. Set to empty string to unassign all reviewers.
- `state` (String) Create or delete merge request.
- `state_filter` (String) Filter specifying state of merge requests while searching.

### Read-Only

- `mr` (String) API object.
- `msg` (String) Success or failure message.
