---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_cloudflare_dns Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_cloudflare_dns (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `zone` (String) The name of the Zone to work with (for example `example.com`). The Zone must already exist.

### Optional

- `account_api_key` (String) Account API key. Required for API keys authentication. You can obtain your API key from the bottom of the Cloudflare 'My Account' page, found here: https://dash.cloudflare.com/.
- `account_email` (String) Account email. Required for API keys authentication.
- `algorithm` (Number) Algorithm number. Required for `type=DS` and `type=SSHFP` when `state=present`.
- `api_token` (String) API token. Required for API token authentication. You can obtain your API token from the bottom of the Cloudflare 'My Account' page, found here: https://dash.cloudflare.com/. Can be specified in `CLOUDFLARE_TOKEN` environment variable since community.general 2.0.0.
- `cert_usage` (Number) Certificate usage number. Required for `type=TLSA` when `state=present`.
- `comment` (String) Comments or notes about the DNS record.
- `flag` (Number) Issuer Critical Flag. Should be set either to `0` for not critical, or to `128` for critical. Before community.general 12.3.0, only `0` and `1` were valid options. The value `1` is still available for backwards-compatibility reasons. Required for `type=CAA` when `state=present`.
- `hash_type` (Number) Hash type number. Required for `type=DS`, `type=SSHFP` and `type=TLSA` when `state=present`.
- `key_tag` (Number) DNSSEC key tag. Needed for `type=DS` when `state=present`.
- `port` (Number) Service port. Required for `type=SRV` and `type=TLSA`.
- `priority` (Number) Record priority. Required for `type=MX` and `type=SRV`.
- `proto` (String) Service protocol. Required for `type=SRV` and `type=TLSA`. Common values are TCP and UDP.
- `proxied` (Boolean) Proxy through Cloudflare network or just use DNS.
- `record` (String) Record to add. Required if `state=present`. Default is `@` (that is, the zone name).
- `selector` (Number) Selector number. Required for `type=TLSA` when `state=present`.
- `service` (String) Record service. Required for `type=SRV`.
- `solo` (Boolean) Whether the record should be the only one for that record type and record name. Only use with `state=present`. This deletes all other records with the same record name and type.
- `state` (String) Whether the record(s) should exist or not.
- `tag` (String) CAA issue restriction. Required for `type=CAA` when `state=present`.
- `tags` (String) Custom tags for the DNS record.
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout for Cloudflare API calls.
- `ttl` (Number) The TTL to give the new record. Must be between `120` and `2,147,483,647` seconds, or `1` for automatic.
- `type` (String) The type of DNS record to create. Required if `state=present`. Support for `SPF` has been removed from community.general 9.0.0 since that record type is no longer supported by CloudFlare. Support for `PTR` has been added in community.general 11.1.0.
- `value` (String) The record value. Required for `state=present`.
- `weight` (Number) Service weight. Required for `type=SRV`.
