---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_iso_create Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_iso_create (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dest_iso` (String) The absolute path with file name of the new generated ISO file on local machine. It creates intermediate folders when they do not exist.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `src_files` (String) This is a list of absolute paths of source files or folders to be contained in the new generated ISO file. The module fails if specified file or folder in `src_files` does not exist on local machine. Note: With all ISO9660 levels from 1 to 3, all file names are restricted to uppercase letters, numbers and underscores (_). File names are limited to 31 characters, directory nesting is limited to 8 levels, and path names are limited to 255 characters.

### Optional

- `interchange_level` (Number) The ISO9660 interchange level to use, it dictates the rules on the names of files. Levels and valid values `1`, `2`, `3`, `4` are supported. The default value is level `1`, which is the most conservative, level `3` is recommended. ISO9660 file names at interchange level `1` cannot have more than 8 characters or 3 characters in the extension.
- `joliet` (Number) Support levels and valid values are `1`, `2`, or `3`. Level `3` is by far the most common. If not specified, then no Joliet support is added.
- `rock_ridge` (String) Whether to make this ISO have the Rock Ridge extensions or not. Valid values are `1.09`, `1.10` or `1.12`, means adding the specified Rock Ridge version to the ISO. If unsure, set `1.09` to ensure maximum compatibility. If not specified, then not add Rock Ridge extension to the ISO.
- `udf` (Boolean) Whether to add UDF support to this ISO. If set to `true`, then version 2.60 of the UDF spec is used. If not specified or set to `false`, then no UDF support is added.
- `vol_ident` (String) The volume identification string to use on the new generated ISO image.

### Read-Only

- `created_iso` (String) Created iso file path.
- `source_file` (String) Configured source files or directories list.
