---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_pam_limits Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_pam_limits (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain` (String) A username, @groupname, wildcard, UID/GID range.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `limit_item` (String) The limit to be set.
- `limit_type` (String) Limit type, see `man 5 limits.conf` for an explanation.
- `value` (String) The value of the limit. Value must either be `unlimited`, `infinity` or `-1`, all of which indicate no limit, or a limit of 0 or larger. Value must be a number in the range -20 to 19 inclusive, if `limit_item` is set to `nice` or `priority`. Refer to the `man 5 limits.conf` manual pages for more details.

### Optional

- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file including the timestamp information so you can get the original file back if you somehow clobbered it incorrectly.
- `comment` (String) Comment associated with the limit.
- `dest` (String) Modify the limits.conf path.
- `use_max` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the maximal value is used or conserved. If the specified value is superior to the value in the file, file content is replaced with the new value, else content is not modified.
- `use_min` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the minimal value is used or conserved. If the specified value is inferior to the value in the file, file content is replaced with the new value, else content is not modified.
