---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_x509_certificate_convert Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_x509_certificate_convert (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dest_path` (String) Name of the file in which the generated TLS/SSL X.509 certificate will be written.
- `format` (String) Determines which format the destination X.509 certificate should be written in. Please note that not every key can be exported in any format, and that not every format supports encryption.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file including a timestamp so you can get the original X.509 certificate back if you overwrote it with a new one by accident.
- `src_content` (String) The content of the file containing the X.509 certificate to convert. This must be text. If you are not sure that the input file is PEM, you must Base64 encode the value and set `src_content_base64=true`. You can use the `ansible.builtin.b64encode#filter` filter plugin for this. Exactly one of `src_path` or `src_content` must be specified.
- `src_content_base64` (Boolean) If set to `true` when `src_content` is provided, the module assumes that the value of `src_content` is Base64 encoded.
- `src_path` (String) Name of the file containing the X.509 certificate to convert. Exactly one of `src_path` or `src_content` must be specified.
- `strict` (Boolean) If the input is a PEM file, ensure that it contains a single PEM object, that the header and footer match, and are of type `CERTIFICATE` or `X509 CERTIFICATE`. See also the `verify_cert_parsable` option, which checks whether the certificate is parsable.
- `verify_cert_parsable` (Boolean) If set to `true`, ensures that the certificate can be parsed. To ensure that a PEM file does not contain multiple certificates, use the `strict` option.

### Read-Only

- `backup_file` (String) Name of backup file created.
