---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_keycloak_user_rolemapping Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_keycloak_user_rolemapping (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `cid` (String) ID of the client whose role is to be mapped. This parameter is not required for updating or deleting the rolemapping but providing it reduces the number of API calls required. If neither `cid` nor `client_id` is specified, a **realm** role is mapped instead.
- `client_id` (String) Name of the client (different than `cid`) whose role is to be mapped. This parameter is required if `cid` is not provided (can be replaced by `cid` to reduce the number of API calls that must be made). If neither `cid` nor `client_id` is specified, a **realm** role is mapped instead.
- `realm` (String) They Keycloak realm under which this role_representation resides.
- `roles` (String) Roles to be mapped to the user.
- `service_account_user_client_id` (String) Client ID of the service-account-user to be mapped. This parameter is not required for updating or deleting the rolemapping but providing it reduces the number of API calls required.
- `state` (String) State of the user_rolemapping. On `present`, the user_rolemapping is created if it does not yet exist, or updated with the parameters you provide. On `absent`, the user_rolemapping is removed if it exists.
- `target_username` (String) Username of the user roles are mapped to. This parameter is not required (can be replaced by uid for less API call).
- `uid` (String) ID of the user to be mapped. This parameter is not required for updating or deleting the rolemapping but providing it reduces the number of API calls required.

### Read-Only

- `end_state` (String) Representation of client role mapping after module execution. The sample is truncated.
- `existing` (String) Representation of existing client role mapping. The sample is truncated.
- `msg` (String) Message as to what action was taken.
- `proposed` (String) Representation of proposed client role mapping.
