---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_scaleway_container Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_scaleway_container (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `name` (String) Name of the container namespace.
- `namespace_id` (String) Container namespace identifier.
- `region` (String) Scaleway region to use (for example `fr-par`).
- `registry_image` (String) The name of image used for the container.

### Optional

- `container_timeout` (String) The length of time your handler can spend processing a request before being stopped.
- `cpu_limit` (Number) Resources define performance characteristics of your container. They are allocated to your container at runtime. Unit is 1/1000 of a VCPU.
- `description` (String) Description of the container namespace.
- `environment_variables` (String) Environment variables of the container namespace. Injected in container at runtime.
- `max_concurrency` (Number) Maximum number of connections per container. This parameter is used to trigger autoscaling.
- `max_scale` (Number) Maximum number of replicas for the container.
- `memory_limit` (Number) Resources define performance characteristics of your container. They are allocated to your container at runtime. Unit is MB of memory.
- `min_scale` (Number) Minimum number of replicas for the container.
- `port` (Number) Listen port used to expose the container.
- `privacy` (String) Privacy policies define whether a container can be executed anonymously. Choose `public` to enable anonymous execution, or `private` to protect your container with an authentication mechanism provided by the Scaleway API.
- `protocol` (String) Communication protocol of the container.
- `redeploy` (Boolean) Redeploy the container if update is required.
- `secret_environment_variables` (String) Secret environment variables of the container namespace. Updating those values does not output a R`ignore:changed` state in Ansible. Injected in container at runtime.
- `state` (String) Indicate desired state of the container.

### Read-Only

- `container` (String) The container information.
