---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_alternatives Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_alternatives (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `name` (String) The generic name of the link.

### Optional

- `family` (String) The family groups similar alternatives. This option is available only on RHEL-based distributions.
- `link` (String) The path to the symbolic link that should point to the real executable. This option is always required on RHEL-based distributions. On Debian-based distributions this option is required when the alternative `name` is unknown to the system.
- `path` (String) The path to the real executable that the link should point to.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the alternative. If no priority is given for creation `50` is used as a fallback.
- `state` (String) `present` - install the alternative (if not already installed), but do not set it as the currently selected alternative for the group. `selected` - install the alternative (if not already installed), and set it as the currently selected alternative for the group. `auto` - install the alternative (if not already installed), and set the group to auto mode. Added in community.general 5.1.0. `absent` - removes the alternative. Added in community.general 5.1.0.
- `subcommands` (String) A list of subcommands. Each subcommand needs a name, a link and a path parameter. Subcommands are also named `slaves` or `followers`, depending on the version of `alternatives`.
