---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ipa_user Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ipa_user (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `uid` (String) Uid of the user.

### Optional

- `displayname` (String) Display name.
- `gidnumber` (String) Posix Group ID.
- `givenname` (String) First name. If user does not exist and `state=present`, the usage of `givenname` is required.
- `homedirectory` (String) Default home directory of the user.
- `krbpasswordexpiration` (String) Date at which the user password expires. In the format YYYYMMddHHmmss. For example `20180121182022` expires on 21 January 2018 at 18:20:22.
- `loginshell` (String) Login shell.
- `mail` (String) List of mail addresses assigned to the user. If an empty list is passed all assigned email addresses are deleted. If None is passed email addresses are not checked nor changed.
- `password` (String) Password for a user. It is not set for an existing user unless `update_password=always`, which is the default.
- `sn` (String) Surname. If user does not exist and `state=present`, the usage of `sn` is required.
- `sshpubkey` (String) List of public SSH key. If an empty list is passed all assigned public keys are deleted. If None is passed SSH public keys are not checked nor changed.
- `state` (String) State to ensure.
- `telephonenumber` (String) List of telephone numbers assigned to the user. If an empty list is passed all assigned telephone numbers are deleted. If None is passed telephone numbers are not checked nor changed.
- `title` (String) Title.
- `uidnumber` (String) Account Settings UID/Posix User ID number.
- `update_password` (String) Set password for a user.
- `userauthtype` (String) The authentication type to use for the user. To remove all authentication types from the user, use an empty list `[]`. The choice `idp` and `passkey` has been added in community.general 8.1.0.

### Read-Only

- `user` (String) User as returned by IPA API.
