---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_nic Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_nic (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `interface` (String) Name of the interface, should be `net[n]` where `1 ≤ n ≤ 31`.

### Optional

- `bridge` (String) Add this interface to the specified bridge device. The Proxmox VE default bridge is called `vmbr0`.
- `firewall` (Boolean) Whether this interface should be protected by the firewall.
- `link_down` (Boolean) Whether this interface should be disconnected (like pulling the plug).
- `mac` (String) `XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX` should be a unique MAC address. This is automatically generated if not specified. When not specified this module will keep the MAC address the same when changing an existing interface.
- `model` (String) The NIC emulator model.
- `mtu` (Number) Force MTU, for `virtio` model only, setting will be ignored otherwise. Set to `1` to use the bridge MTU. Value should be `1 ≤ n ≤ 65520`.
- `name` (String) Specifies the VM name. Only used on the configuration web interface. Required only for `state=present`.
- `queues` (Number) Number of packet queues to be used on the device. Value should be `0 ≤ n ≤ 16`.
- `rate` (Number) Rate limit in MBps (MegaBytes per second) as floating point number.
- `state` (String) Indicates desired state of the NIC.
- `tag` (Number) VLAN tag to apply to packets on this interface. Value should be `1 ≤ n ≤ 4094`.
- `trunks` (String) List of VLAN trunks to pass through this interface.
- `vmid` (Number) Specifies the instance ID.

### Read-Only

- `msg` (String) A short message.
