---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_scaleway_compute Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_scaleway_compute (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `commercial_type` (String) Commercial name of the compute node.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `image` (String) Image identifier used to start the instance with.
- `region` (String) Scaleway compute zone.

### Optional

- `enable_ipv6` (Boolean) Enable public IPv6 connectivity on the instance.
- `name` (String) Name of the instance.
- `organization` (String) Organization identifier. Exactly one of `project` and `organization` must be specified.
- `project` (String) Project identifier. Exactly one of `project` and `organization` must be specified.
- `public_ip` (String) Manage public IP on a Scaleway server. Could be Scaleway IP address UUID. `dynamic` Means that IP is destroyed at the same time the host is destroyed. `absent` Means no public IP at all.
- `security_group` (String) Security group unique identifier. If no value provided, the default security group or current security group is used.
- `state` (String) Indicate desired state of the instance.
- `tags` (String) List of tags to apply to the instance (5 max).
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait for the instance to reach its desired state before returning.
- `wait_sleep_time` (Number) Time to wait before every attempt to check the state of the server.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) Time to wait for the server to reach the expected state.
