---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_pacman_key Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_pacman_key (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `id` (String) The 40 character identifier of the key. Including this allows check mode to correctly report the changed state. Do not specify a subkey ID, instead specify the primary key ID.

### Optional

- `data` (String) The keyfile contents to add to the keyring. Must be of `PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK` type.
- `ensure_trusted` (Boolean) Ensure that the key is trusted (signed by the Pacman machine key and not expired).
- `file` (String) The path to a keyfile on the remote server to add to the keyring. Remote file must be of `PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK` type.
- `force_update` (Boolean) This forces the key to be updated if it already exists in the keyring.
- `keyring` (String) The full path to the keyring folder on the remote server. If not specified, module uses pacman's default (`/etc/pacman.d/gnupg`). Useful if the remote system requires an alternative gnupg directory.
- `keyserver` (String) The keyserver used to retrieve key from.
- `state` (String) Ensures that the key is `present` (added) or `absent` (revoked).
- `url` (String) The URL to retrieve keyfile from. Remote file must be of `PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK` type.
- `verify` (Boolean) Whether or not to verify the keyfile's key ID against specified key ID.
