---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_sorcery Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_sorcery (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `cache_valid_time` (Number) Time in seconds to invalidate grimoire collection on update. Especially useful for SCM and rsync grimoires. Makes sense only in pair with `update_cache`.
- `depends` (String) Comma-separated list of _optional_ dependencies to build a spell (or make sure it is built) with; use `+`/`-` in front of dependency to turn it on/off (`+` is optional though). This option is ignored if `name` parameter is equal to `*` or contains more than one spell. Providers must be supplied in the form recognized by Sorcery, for example '`openssl(SSL\`)'.
- `name` (String) Name of the spell or grimoire. Multiple names can be given, separated by commas. Special value `*` in conjunction with states `latest` or `rebuild` updates or rebuilds the whole system respectively. The alias `grimoire` was added in community.general 7.3.0.
- `repository` (String) Repository location. If specified, `name` represents grimoire(s) instead of spell(s). Special value `*` pulls grimoire from the official location. Only single item in `name` in conjunction with `*` can be used. `state=absent` must be used with a special value `*`.
- `state` (String) Whether to cast, dispel or rebuild a package. State `cast` is an equivalent of `present`, not `latest`. State `rebuild` implies cast of all specified spells, not only those existed before.
- `update` (Boolean) Whether or not to update sorcery scripts at the very first stage.
- `update_cache` (Boolean) Whether or not to update grimoire collection before casting spells.
