---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ipwcli_dns Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ipwcli_dns (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `container` (String) Sets the container zone for the record.
- `dnsname` (String) Name of the record.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `password` (String) Password to login on ipwcli.
- `type` (String) Type of the record.
- `username` (String) Username to login on ipwcli.

### Optional

- `address` (String) The IP address for the A or AAAA record. Required for `type=A` or `type=AAAA`.
- `flags` (String) Sets one of the possible flags of NAPTR record. Required for `type=NAPTR`.
- `order` (Number) Sets the order of the NAPTR record. Required for `type=NAPTR`.
- `port` (Number) Sets the port of the SRV record. Required for `type=SRV`.
- `preference` (Number) Sets the preference of the NAPTR record. Required for `type=NAPTR`.
- `priority` (Number) Sets the priority of the SRV record.
- `replacement` (String) Sets the replacement of the NAPTR record. Required for `type=NAPTR`.
- `service` (String) Sets the service of the NAPTR record. Required for `type=NAPTR`.
- `state` (String) Whether the record should exist or not.
- `target` (String) Sets the target of the SRV record. Required for `type=SRV`.
- `ttl` (Number) Sets the TTL of the record.
- `weight` (Number) Sets the weight of the SRV record.

### Read-Only

- `record` (String) The created record from the input params.
