---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_hrobot_boot Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_hrobot_boot (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `server_number` (Number) The server number of the server whose boot configuration to adjust.

### Optional

- `install_cpanel` (String) If this option is provided, a cPanel installation will be activated for the next boot. Precisely one of `regular_boot`, `rescue`, `install_linux`, `install_vnc`, `install_windows`, `install_plesk`, and `install_cpanel` must be provided.
- `install_linux` (String) If this option is provided, a Linux system install will be activated for the next boot. Precisely one of `regular_boot`, `rescue`, `install_linux`, `install_vnc`, `install_windows`, `install_plesk`, and `install_cpanel` must be provided.
- `install_plesk` (String) If this option is provided, a Plesk installation will be activated for the next boot. Precisely one of `regular_boot`, `rescue`, `install_linux`, `install_vnc`, `install_windows`, `install_plesk`, and `install_cpanel` must be provided.
- `install_vnc` (String) If this option is provided, a VNC installation will be activated for the next boot. Precisely one of `regular_boot`, `rescue`, `install_linux`, `install_vnc`, `install_windows`, `install_plesk`, and `install_cpanel` must be provided.
- `install_windows` (String) If this option is provided, a Windows installation will be activated for the next boot. Precisely one of `regular_boot`, `rescue`, `install_linux`, `install_vnc`, `install_windows`, `install_plesk`, and `install_cpanel` must be provided.
- `regular_boot` (Boolean) If this option is provided, all special boot configurations are removed and the installed operating system will be booted up next (assuming it is bootable). Precisely one of `regular_boot`, `rescue`, `install_linux`, `install_vnc`, `install_windows`, `install_plesk`, and `install_cpanel` must be provided.
- `rescue` (String) If this option is provided, the rescue system will be activated for the next boot. Precisely one of `regular_boot`, `rescue`, `install_linux`, `install_vnc`, `install_windows`, `install_plesk`, and `install_cpanel` must be provided.

### Read-Only

- `configuration_type` (String) Describes the active boot configuration.
- `password` (String) The root password for the active boot configuration, if available. For non-rescue boot configurations, it is avised to change the root password as soon as possible.
