---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_xenserver_guest_powerstate Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_xenserver_guest_powerstate (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `name` (String) Name of the VM to manage. VMs running on XenServer do not necessarily have unique names. The module fails if multiple VMs with same name are found. In case of multiple VMs with same name, use `uuid` to uniquely specify VM to manage. This parameter is case sensitive.
- `state` (String) Specify the state VM should be in. If `state` is set to value other than `present`, then VM is transitioned into required state and facts are returned. If `state` is set to `present`, then VM is just checked for existence and facts are returned.
- `state_change_timeout` (Number) By default, module waits indefinitely for VM to change state or acquire an IP address if `wait_for_ip_address=true`. If this parameter is set to positive value, the module instead waits specified number of seconds for the state change. In case of timeout, module generates an error message.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the VM to manage if known. This is XenServer's unique identifier. It is required if name is not unique.
- `wait_for_ip_address` (Boolean) Wait until XenServer detects an IP address for the VM. This requires XenServer Tools to be preinstalled on the VM to work properly.

### Read-Only

- `instance` (String) Metadata about the VM.
