---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_aix_filesystem Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_aix_filesystem (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `filesystem` (String) Specifies the mount point, which is the directory where the file system will be mounted.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `account_subsystem` (Boolean) Specifies whether the file system is to be processed by the accounting subsystem.
- `attributes` (String) Specifies attributes for files system separated by comma.
- `auto_mount` (Boolean) File system is automatically mounted at system restart.
- `device` (String) Logical volume (LV) device name or remote export device to create a NFS file system. It is used to create a file system on an already existing logical volume or the exported NFS file system. If not mentioned a new logical volume name is created following AIX standards (LVM).
- `fs_type` (String) Specifies the virtual file system type.
- `mount_group` (String) Specifies the mount group.
- `nfs_server` (String) Specifies a Network File System (NFS) server.
- `permissions` (String) Set file system permissions. `rw` (read-write) or `ro` (read-only).
- `rm_mount_point` (Boolean) Removes the mount point directory when used with state `absent`.
- `size` (String) Specifies the file system size. For already present it resizes the filesystem. 512-byte blocks, megabytes or gigabytes. If the value has M specified it is in megabytes. If the value has G specified it is in gigabytes. If no M or G the value is 512-byte blocks. If `+` is specified in begin of value, the value is added. If `-` is specified in begin of value, the value is removed. If neither `+` nor `-` is specified, then the total value is the specified. Size respects the LVM AIX standards.
- `state` (String) Controls the file system state. `present` check if file system exists, creates or resize. `absent` removes existing file system if already `unmounted`. `mounted` checks if the file system is mounted or mount the file system. `unmounted` check if the file system is unmounted or unmount the file system.
- `vg` (String) Specifies an existing volume group (VG).
