---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_consul_binding_rule Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_consul_binding_rule (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_method` (String) The name of the auth method that this rule applies to.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `name` (String) Specifies a name for the binding rule. Note: This is used to identify the binding rule. But since the API does not support a name, it is prefixed to the description.

### Optional

- `bind_name` (String) The name to bind to a token at login-time. What it binds to can be adjusted with different values of the `bind_type` parameter.
- `bind_type` (String) Specifies the way the binding rule affects a token created at login.
- `bind_vars` (String) Specifies the templated policy variables when `bind_type` is set to `templated-policy`.
- `description` (String) Free form human readable description of the binding rule.
- `selector` (String) Specifies the expression used to match this rule against valid identities returned from an auth method validation. If empty this binding rule matches all valid identities returned from the auth method.
- `state` (String) Whether the binding rule should be present or absent.

### Read-Only

- `binding_rule` (String) The binding rule as returned by the Consul HTTP API.
- `operation` (String) The operation performed.
