---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_filesize Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_filesize (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `path` (String) Path of the regular file to create or resize.
- `size` (String) Requested size of the file. The value is a number (either `int` or `float`) optionally followed by a multiplicative suffix, that can be one of `B` (bytes), `KB` or `kB` (= 1000B), `MB` or `mB` (= 1000kB), `GB` or `gB` (= 1000MB), and so on for `T`, `P`, `E`, `Z` and `Y`; or alternatively one of `K`, `k` or `KiB` (= 1024B); `M`, `m` or `MiB` (= 1024KiB); `G`, `g` or `GiB` (= 1024MiB); and so on. If the multiplicative suffix is not provided, the value is treated as an integer number of blocks of `blocksize` bytes each (float values are rounded to the closest integer). When the `size` value is equal to the current file size, does nothing. When the `size` value is bigger than the current file size, bytes from `source` (if `sparse` is not `false`) are appended to the file without truncating it, in other words, without modifying the existing bytes of the file. When the `size` value is smaller than the current file size, it is truncated to the requested value without modifying bytes before this value. That means that a file of any arbitrary size can be grown to any other arbitrary size, and then resized down to its initial size without modifying its initial content.

### Optional

- `blocksize` (String) Size of blocks, in bytes if not followed by a multiplicative suffix. The numeric value (before the unit) **MUST** be an integer (or a `float` if it equals an integer). If not set, the size of blocks is guessed from the OS and commonly results in `512` or `4096` bytes, that is used internally by the module or when `size` has no unit.
- `force` (Boolean) Whether or not to overwrite the file if it exists, in other words, to truncate it from 0. When `true`, the module is not idempotent, that means it always reports R`ignore:changed=true`. `force=true` and `sparse=true` are mutually exclusive.
- `source` (String) Device or file that provides input data to provision the file. This parameter is ignored when `sparse=true`.
- `sparse` (Boolean) Whether or not the file to create should be a sparse file. This option is effective only on newly created files, or when growing a file, only for the bytes to append. This option is not supported on OSes or filesystems not supporting sparse files. `force=true` and `sparse=true` are mutually exclusive.
- `unsafe_writes` (String) This option is silently ignored. This module always modifies file size in-place.

### Read-Only

- `cmd` (String) Command executed to create or resize the file.
- `filesize` (String) Dictionary of sizes related to the file.
- `size_diff` (Number) Difference (positive or negative) between old size and new size, in bytes.
