---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_one_vm Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_one_vm (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `api_password` (String) Password of the user to login into OpenNebula RPC server. If not set then the value of the `ONE_PASSWORD` environment variable is used. if both `api_username` or `api_password` are not set, then it tries to authenticate with ONE auth file. Default path is `~/.one/one_auth`. Set environment variable `ONE_AUTH` to override this path.
- `api_url` (String) URL of the OpenNebula RPC server. It is recommended to use HTTPS so that the username/password are not transferred over the network unencrypted. If not set then the value of the `ONE_URL` environment variable is used.
- `api_username` (String) Name of the user to login into the OpenNebula RPC server. If not set then the value of the `ONE_USERNAME` environment variable is used.
- `attributes` (String) A dictionary of key/value attributes to add to new instances, or for setting `state` of instances with these attributes. Keys are case insensitive and OpenNebula automatically converts them to upper case. Be aware `NAME` is a special attribute which sets the name of the VM when it is deployed. `#` character(s) can be appended to the `NAME` and the module automatically adds indexes to the names of VMs. For example: `NAME: foo-###` would create VMs with names `foo-000`, `foo-001`,... When used with `count_attributes` and `exact_count` the module matches the base name without the index part.
- `count` (Number) Number of instances to launch.
- `count_attributes` (String) A dictionary of key/value attributes that can only be used with `exact_count` to determine how many nodes based on a specific attributes criteria should be deployed. This can be expressed in multiple ways and is shown in the EXAMPLES section.
- `count_labels` (String) A list of labels that can only be used with `exact_count` to determine how many nodes based on a specific labels criteria should be deployed. This can be expressed in multiple ways and is shown in the EXAMPLES section.
- `cpu` (Number) Percentage of CPU divided by 100 required for the new instance. Half a processor is written 0.5.
- `datastore_id` (Number) Name of Datastore to use to create a new instance.
- `datastore_name` (String) Name of Datastore to use to create a new instance.
- `disk_saveas` (String) Creates an image from a VM disk. It is a dictionary where you have to specify `name` of the new image. Optionally you can specify `disk_id` of the disk you want to save. By default `disk_id` is 0. **NOTE:** This operation is only performed on the first VM (if more than one VM ID is passed) and the VM has to be in the `poweredoff` state. Also this operation fails if an image with specified `name` already exists.
- `disk_size` (String) The size of the disk created for new instances (in MB, GB, TB,...). **NOTE:** If The Template hats Multiple Disks the Order of the Sizes is matched against the order specified in `template_id`/`template_name`.
- `exact_count` (Number) Indicates how many instances that match `count_attributes` and `count_labels` parameters should be deployed. Instances are either created or terminated based on this value. **NOTE:** Instances with the least IDs are terminated first.
- `group_id` (Number) ID of the group which is set as the group of the instance.
- `hard` (Boolean) Reboot, power-off or terminate instances `hard`.
- `instance_ids` (String) A list of instance IDs used for states: `absent`, `running`, `rebooted`, `poweredoff`.
- `labels` (String) A list of labels to associate with new instances, or for setting `state` of instances with these labels.
- `memory` (String) The size of the memory for new instances (in MB, GB, ..).
- `mode` (String) Set permission mode of the instance in octet format, for example `0600` to give owner `use` and `manage` and nothing to group and others.
- `networks` (String) A list of dictionaries with network parameters. See examples for more details.
- `owner_id` (Number) ID of the user which is set as the owner of the instance.
- `persistent` (Boolean) Create a private persistent copy of the template plus any image defined in DISK, and instantiate that copy.
- `state` (String) `present` - create instances from a template specified with `template_id`/`template_name`. `running` - run instances. `poweredoff` - power-off instances. `rebooted` - reboot instances. `absent` - terminate instances.
- `template_id` (Number) ID of a VM template to use to create a new instance.
- `template_name` (String) Name of VM template to use to create a new instance.
- `updateconf` (String) When `instance_ids` is provided, updates running VMs with the `updateconf` API call. When new VMs are being created, emulates the `updateconf` API call using direct template merge. Allows for complete modifications of the `CONTEXT` attribute. Supported attributes include: **BACKUP_CONFIG:** `BACKUP_VOLATILE`, `FS_FREEZE`, `INCREMENT_MODE`, `KEEP_LAST`, `MODE`; **CONTEXT:** (Any value, except `ETH*`. Variable substitutions are made); **CPU_MODEL:** `FEATURES`, `MODEL`; **FEATURES:** `ACPI`, `APIC`, `GUEST_AGENT`, `HYPERV`, `IOTHREADS`, `LOCALTIME`, `PAE`, `VIRTIO_BLK_QUEUES`, `VIRTIO_SCSI_QUEUES`; **GRAPHICS:** `COMMAND`, `KEYMAP`, `LISTEN`, `PASSWD`, `PORT`, `TYPE`; **INPUT:** `BUS`, `TYPE`; **OS:** `ARCH`, `BOOT`, `BOOTLOADER`, `FIRMWARE`, `INITRD`, `KERNEL`, `KERNEL_CMD`, `MACHINE`, `ROOT`, `SD_DISK_BUS`, `UUID`; **RAW:** `DATA`, `DATA_VMX`, `TYPE`, `VALIDATE`; **VIDEO:** `ATS`, `IOMMU`, `RESOLUTION`, `TYPE`, `VRAM`.
- `vcpu` (Number) Number of CPUs (cores) the new VM uses.
- `vm_start_on_hold` (Boolean) Set to true to put VM on hold while creating.
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait for the instance to reach its desired state before returning. Keep in mind if you are waiting for instance to be in running state it does not mean that you are able to SSH on that machine only that boot process have started on that instance. See the example using the `ansible.builtin.wait_for` module for details.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long before wait gives up, in seconds.

### Read-Only

- `instances` (String) A list of instances info whose state is changed or which are fetched with `instance_ids` option.
- `instances_ids` (String) A list of instances IDs whose state is changed or which are fetched with `instance_ids` option.
- `tagged_instances` (String) A list of instances info based on a specific attributes and/or labels that are specified with `count_attributes` and `count_labels` options.
