---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_apk Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_apk (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `available` (Boolean) During upgrade, reset versioned world dependencies and change logic to prefer replacing or downgrading packages (instead of holding them) if the currently installed package is no longer available from any repository.
- `name` (String) A package name, like `foo`, or multiple packages, like `foo,bar`. Do not include additional whitespace when specifying multiple packages as a string. Prefer YAML lists over comma-separating multiple package names.
- `no_cache` (Boolean) Do not use any local cache path.
- `repository` (String) A package repository or multiple repositories. Unlike with the underlying apk command, this list overrides the system repositories rather than supplement them.
- `state` (String) Indicates the desired package(s) state. `present` ensures the package(s) is/are present. `installed` can be used as an alias. `absent` ensures the package(s) is/are absent. `removed` can be used as an alias. `latest` ensures the package(s) is/are present and the latest version(s).
- `update_cache` (Boolean) Update repository indexes. Can be run with other steps or on its own.
- `upgrade` (Boolean) Upgrade all installed packages to their latest version.
- `world` (String) Use a custom world file when checking for explicitly installed packages. The file is used only when a value is provided for `name`, and `state` is set to `present` or `latest`.

### Read-Only

- `packages` (String) A list of packages that have been changed.
