---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_puppet Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_puppet (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `certname` (String) The name to use when handling certificates.
- `confdir` (String) Path to the directory containing the puppet.conf file.
- `debug` (Boolean) Enable full debugging.
- `environment` (String) Puppet environment to be used.
- `environment_lang` (String) The lang environment to use when running the puppet agent. The default value, `C`, is supported on every system, but can lead to encoding errors if UTF-8 is used in the output. Use `C.UTF-8` or `en_US.UTF-8` or similar UTF-8 supporting locales in case of problems. You need to make sure the selected locale is supported on the system the puppet agent runs on. Starting with community.general 9.1.0, you can use the value `auto` and the module tries to determine the best parseable locale to use.
- `execute` (String) Execute a specific piece of Puppet code. It has no effect with a puppetmaster.
- `facter_basename` (String) Basename of the facter output file.
- `facts` (String) A dict of values to pass in as persistent external facter facts.
- `logdest` (String) Where the puppet logs should go, if puppet apply is being used. `all` goes to both `console` and `syslog`. `stdout` is deprecated and replaced by `console`.
- `manifest` (String) Path to the manifest file to run puppet apply on.
- `modulepath` (String) Path to an alternate location for puppet modules.
- `noop` (Boolean) Override puppet.conf noop mode. When `true`, run Puppet agent with `--noop` switch set. When `false`, run Puppet agent with `--no-noop` switch set. When unset (default), use default or puppet.conf value if defined.
- `puppetmaster` (String) The hostname of the puppetmaster to contact.
- `show_diff` (Boolean) Whether to print file changes details.
- `skip_tags` (String) A list of puppet tags to be excluded.
- `summarize` (Boolean) Whether to print a transaction summary.
- `tags` (String) A list of puppet tags to be used.
- `timeout` (String) How long to wait for `puppet` to finish.
- `use_srv_records` (Boolean) Toggles use_srv_records flag.
- `verbose` (Boolean) Print extra information.
- `waitforlock` (String) The maximum amount of time `puppet` should wait for an already running `puppet` agent to finish before starting. If a number without unit is provided, it is assumed to be a number of seconds. Allowed units are `m` for minutes and `h` for hours.
