---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_keycloak_client Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_keycloak_client (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `admin_url` (String) URL to the admin interface of the client. This is `adminUrl` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `always_display_in_console` (Boolean) Whether or not to display this client in account console, even if the user does not have an active session.
- `attributes` (String) A dict of further attributes for this client. This can contain various configuration settings; an example is given in the examples section. While an exhaustive list of permissible options is not available; possible options as of Keycloak 3.4 are listed below. The Keycloak API does not validate whether a given option is appropriate for the protocol used; if specified anyway, Keycloak does not use it.
- `authentication_flow_binding_overrides` (String) Override realm authentication flow bindings.
- `authorization_services_enabled` (Boolean) Are authorization services enabled for this client or not (OpenID connect). This is `authorizationServicesEnabled` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `authorization_settings` (String) A data structure defining the authorization settings for this client. For reference, please see the Keycloak API docs at https://www.keycloak.org/docs-api/8.0/rest-api/index.html#_resourceserverrepresentation. This is `authorizationSettings` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `base_url` (String) Default URL to use when the auth server needs to redirect or link back to the client This is `baseUrl` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `bearer_only` (Boolean) The access type of this client is bearer-only. This is `bearerOnly` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `client_authenticator_type` (String) How do clients authenticate with the auth server? Either `client-secret`, `client-jwt`, or `client-x509` can be chosen. When using `client-secret`, the module parameter `secret` can set it, for `client-jwt`, you can use the keys `use.jwks.url`, `jwks.url`, and `jwt.credential.certificate` in the `attributes` module parameter to configure its behavior. For `client-x509` you can use the keys `x509.allow.regex.pattern.comparison` and `x509.subjectdn` in the `attributes` module parameter to configure which certificate(s) to accept. This is `clientAuthenticatorType` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `client_id` (String) Client ID of client to be worked on. This is usually an alphanumeric name chosen by you. Either this or `id` is required. If you specify both, `id` takes precedence. This is `clientId` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `client_scopes_behavior` (String) Determine how `default_client_scopes` and `optional_client_scopes` behave when updating an existing client. `ignore`: Do not change the client scopes of an existing client. This is the default for backward compatibility. `patch`: Add missing scopes, do not remove any missing scopes. `idempotent`: Make the client scopes exactly as specified, adding and removing scopes as needed.
- `client_template` (String) Client template to use for this client. If it does not exist this field is silently dropped. This is `clientTemplate` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `consent_required` (Boolean) If enabled, users have to consent to client access. This is `consentRequired` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `default_client_scopes` (String) List of default client scopes. See `client_scopes_behavior` for how this behaves when updating an existing client.
- `default_roles` (String) List of default roles for this client. If the client roles referenced do not exist yet, they are created. This is `defaultRoles` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `description` (String) Description of the client in Keycloak.
- `direct_access_grants_enabled` (Boolean) Are direct access grants enabled for this client or not (OpenID connect). This is `directAccessGrantsEnabled` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Is this client enabled or not?
- `frontchannel_logout` (Boolean) Is frontchannel logout enabled for this client or not. This is `frontchannelLogout` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `full_scope_allowed` (Boolean) Is the "Full Scope Allowed" feature set for this client or not. This is `fullScopeAllowed` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `id` (String) ID of client to be worked on. This is usually an UUID. Either this or `client_id` is required. If you specify both, this takes precedence.
- `implicit_flow_enabled` (Boolean) Enable implicit flow for this client or not (OpenID connect). This is `implicitFlowEnabled` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `name` (String) Name of the client (this is not the same as `client_id`).
- `node_re_registration_timeout` (Number) Cluster node re-registration timeout for this client. This is `nodeReRegistrationTimeout` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `not_before` (Number) Revoke any tokens issued before this date for this client (this is a UNIX timestamp). This is `notBefore` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `optional_client_scopes` (String) List of optional client scopes. See `client_scopes_behavior` for how this behaves when updating an existing client.
- `protocol` (String) Type of client. At creation only, default value is `openid-connect` if `protocol` is omitted. The `docker-v2` value was added in community.general 8.6.0.
- `protocol_mappers` (String) A list of dicts defining protocol mappers for this client. This is `protocolMappers` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `public_client` (Boolean) Is the access type for this client public or not. This is `publicClient` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `realm` (String) The realm to create the client in.
- `redirect_uris` (String) Acceptable redirect URIs for this client. This is `redirectUris` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `registered_nodes` (String) Dict of registered cluster nodes (with `nodename` as the key and last registration time as the value). This is `registeredNodes` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `registration_access_token` (String) The registration access token provides access for clients to the client registration service. This is `registrationAccessToken` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `root_url` (String) Root URL appended to relative URLs for this client. This is `rootUrl` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `secret` (String) When using `client_authenticator_type=client-secret` (the default), you can specify a secret here (otherwise one is generated if it does not exit). If changing this secret, the module does not register a change currently (but the changed secret is saved).
- `service_accounts_enabled` (Boolean) Are service accounts enabled for this client or not (OpenID connect). This is `serviceAccountsEnabled` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `standard_flow_enabled` (Boolean) Enable standard flow for this client or not (OpenID connect). This is `standardFlowEnabled` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `state` (String) State of the client. On `present`, the client are created (or updated if it exists already). On `absent`, the client are removed if it exists.
- `surrogate_auth_required` (Boolean) Whether or not surrogate auth is required. This is `surrogateAuthRequired` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `use_template_config` (Boolean) Whether or not to use configuration from the `client_template`. This is `useTemplateConfig` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `use_template_mappers` (Boolean) Whether or not to use mapper configuration from the `client_template`. This is `useTemplateMappers` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `use_template_scope` (Boolean) Whether or not to use scope configuration from the `client_template`. This is `useTemplateScope` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `web_origins` (String) List of allowed CORS origins. This is `webOrigins` in the Keycloak REST API.

### Read-Only

- `end_state` (String) Representation of client after module execution (sample is truncated).
- `existing` (String) Representation of existing client (sample is truncated).
- `msg` (String) Message as to what action was taken.
- `proposed` (String) Representation of proposed client.
