---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_docker_docker_secret Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_docker_docker_secret (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `name` (String) The name of the secret.

### Optional

- `data` (String) The value of the secret. Mutually exclusive with `data_src`. One of `data` and `data_src` is required if `state=present`.
- `data_is_b64` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the data is assumed to be Base64 encoded and will be decoded before being used. To use binary `data`, it is better to keep it Base64 encoded and let it be decoded by this option.
- `data_src` (String) The file on the target from which to read the secret. Mutually exclusive with `data`. One of `data` and `data_src` is required if `state=present`.
- `force` (Boolean) Use with `state=present` to always remove and recreate an existing secret. If `true`, an existing secret will be replaced, even if it has not changed.
- `labels` (String) A map of key:value meta data, where both key and value are expected to be strings. If new meta data is provided, or existing meta data is modified, the secret will be updated by removing it and creating it again.
- `rolling_versions` (Boolean) If set to `true`, secrets are created with an increasing version number appended to their name. Adds a label containing the version number to the managed secrets with the name `ansible_version`.
- `state` (String) Set to `present`, if the secret should exist, and `absent`, if it should not.
- `versions_to_keep` (Number) When using `rolling_versions`, the number of old versions of the secret to keep. Extraneous old secrets are deleted after the new one is created. Set to `-1` to keep everything or to `0` or `1` to keep only the current one.

### Read-Only

- `secret_id` (String) The ID assigned by Docker to the secret object.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the created secret object.
