---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_clickhouse_clickhouse_info Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_clickhouse_clickhouse_info (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `limit` (String) Limits a set of return values you want to get. See the Return section for acceptable values. If not specified, returns all supported return values.

### Read-Only

- `clusters` (String) The content of the system.clusters table with names as keys.
- `databases` (String) The content of the system.databases table with names as keys. Be sure your *login_user* has permissions.
- `dictionaries` (String) The content of the system.dictionaries table with dictionary names as keys.
- `driver` (String) Python driver information.
- `grants` (String) The content of the system.grants table for users and roles as keys.
- `merge_tree_settings` (String) The content of the system.merge_tree_settings table with names as keys.
- `quotas` (String) The content of the system.quotas table with quota names as keys.
- `roles` (String) The content of the system.roles table with names as keys. Be sure your *login_user* has permissions.
- `settings` (String) The content of the system.settings table with names as keys.
- `settings_profile_elements` (String) The content of the system.settings_profile_elements table for users, roles, profiles as keys.
- `settings_profiles` (String) The content of the system.settings_profiles table with profile names as keys.
- `storage_policies` (String) The content of the system.storage_policies table with storage_policies names as keys.
- `tables` (String) The content of the system.tables table with the table names as keys.
- `users` (String) The content of the system.users table with names as keys. Be sure your *login_user* has permissions.
- `version` (String) Clickhouse server version.
