---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_gitlab_runner Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_gitlab_runner (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) The unique name of the runner.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `access_level` (String) Determines if a runner can pick up jobs only from protected branches. If `access_level_on_creation` is not explicitly set to `true`, this option is ignored on registration and is only applied on updates. If set to `not_protected`, runner can pick up jobs from both protected and unprotected branches. If set to `ref_protected`, runner can pick up jobs only from protected branches. Before community.general 8.0.0 the default was `ref_protected`. This was changed to no default in community.general 8.0.0. If this option is not specified explicitly, GitLab uses `not_protected` on creation, and the value set is not changed on any updates.
- `access_level_on_creation` (Boolean) Whether the runner should be registered with an access level or not. If set to `true`, the value of `access_level` is used for runner registration. If set to `false`, GitLab registers the runner with the default access level. The default of this option changed to `true` in community.general 7.0.0. Before, it was `false`.
- `active` (Boolean) Define if the runners is immediately active after creation. Mutually exclusive with `paused`.
- `group` (String) ID or full path of the group in the form group/subgroup. Mutually exclusive with `owned` and `project`. Must be group's numeric ID if `registration_token` is not set and `state=present`.
- `locked` (Boolean) Determines if the runner is locked or not.
- `maximum_timeout` (Number) The maximum time that a runner has to complete a specific job. Use `0` to disable the timeout. This is available since community.general 12.1.0.
- `owned` (Boolean) Searches only runners available to the user when searching for existing, when false admin token required. Mutually exclusive with `project` since community.general 4.5.0. Mutually exclusive with `group`.
- `paused` (Boolean) Define if the runners is active or paused after creation. Mutually exclusive with `active`.
- `project` (String) ID or full path of the project in the form of group/name. Mutually exclusive with `owned` since community.general 4.5.0. Mutually exclusive with `group`. Must be project's numeric ID if `registration_token` is not set and `state=present`.
- `registration_token` (String) The registration token is used to register new runners before GitLab 16.0. Required if `state=present` for GitLab < 16.0. If set, the runner is created using the old runner creation workflow. If not set, the runner is created using the new runner creation workflow, introduced in GitLab 16.0. If not set, requires python-gitlab >= 4.0.0.
- `run_untagged` (Boolean) Run untagged jobs or not.
- `state` (String) Make sure that the runner with the same name exists with the same configuration or delete the runner with the same name.
- `tag_list` (String) The tags that apply to the runner.

### Read-Only

- `error` (String) The error message returned by the GitLab API.
- `msg` (String) Success or failure message.
- `result` (String) JSON-parsed response from the server.
- `runner` (String) API object.
