---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_db Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_db (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `name` (String) Name of the database to add or remove.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Sets a comment on the database. To reset the comment, pass an empty string.
- `conn_limit` (String) Specifies the database connection limit.
- `dump_extra_args` (String) Provides additional arguments when *state* is `dump`. Cannot be used with dump-file-format-related arguments like ``--format=d``.
- `encoding` (String) Encoding of the database.
- `force` (Boolean) Used to forcefully drop a database when the *state* is `absent`, ignored otherwise.
- `icu_locale` (String) Specifies the ICU locale (ICU_LOCALE) for the database default collation order and character classification, overriding the setting locale. The locale provider must be ICU. The default is the setting of locale if specified; otherwise the same setting as the template database.
- `lc_collate` (String) Collation order (LC_COLLATE) to use in the database must match collation order of template database unless `template0` is used as template.
- `lc_ctype` (String) Character classification (LC_CTYPE) to use in the database (e.g. lower, upper, ...). Must match LC_CTYPE of template database unless `template0` is used as template.
- `locale_provider` (String) Specifies the provider to use for the default collation in this database (LOCALE_PROVIDER). Possible values are icu (if the server was built with ICU support) or libc. By default, the provider is the same as that of the template.
- `maintenance_db` (String) The value specifies the initial database (which is also called as maintenance DB) that Ansible connects to.
- `owner` (String) Name of the role to set as owner of the database.
- `session_role` (String) Switch to session_role after connecting. The specified session_role must be a role that the current login_user is a member of. Permissions checking for SQL commands is carried out as though the session_role were the one that had logged in originally.
- `state` (String) The database state. `present` implies that the database should be created if necessary. `absent` implies that the database should be removed if present. `dump` requires a target definition to which the database will be backed up. (Added in Ansible 2.4) Note that in some PostgreSQL versions of pg_dump, which is an embedded PostgreSQL utility and is used by the module, returns rc 0 even when errors occurred (e.g. the connection is forbidden by pg_hba.conf, etc.), so the module returns changed=True but the dump has not actually been done. Please, be sure that your version of pg_dump returns rc 1 in this case. `restore` also requires a target definition from which the database will be restored. (Added in Ansible 2.4). The format of the backup will be detected based on the target name. Supported compression formats for dump and restore determined by target file format `.pgc` (custom), `.bz2` (bzip2), `.gz` (gzip/pigz) and `.xz` (xz). Supported formats for dump and restore determined by target file format `.sql` (plain), `.tar` (tar), `.pgc` (custom) and `.dir` (directory) For the directory format which is supported since collection version 1.4.0. Restore program is selected by target file format: `.tar`, `.pgc`, and `.dir` are handled by pg_restore, other with pgsql. . DEPRECATED (see the [discussion](https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.postgresql/issues/820)). `rename` is used to rename the database `name` to `target`. To rename a database, use the `community.postgresql.postgresql_query` module.
- `tablespace` (String) The tablespace to set for the database https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-alterdatabase.html. If you want to move the database back to the default tablespace, explicitly set this to pg_default.
- `target` (String) File to back up or restore from. Used when *state* is `dump` or `restore`.
- `target_opts` (String) Additional arguments for pg_dump or restore program (pg_restore or psql, depending on target's format). Used when *state* is `dump` or `restore`.
- `template` (String) Template used to create the database.
- `trust_input` (Boolean) If `false`, check whether values of parameters *owner*, *conn_limit*, *encoding*, *db*, *template*, *tablespace*, *session_role* are potentially dangerous. It makes sense to use `false` only when SQL injections via the parameters are possible.

### Read-Only

- `executed_commands` (String) List of commands which tried to run.
