---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_modprobe Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_modprobe (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `name` (String) Name of kernel module to manage.

### Optional

- `params` (String) Modules parameters.
- `persistent` (String) Persistency between reboots for configured module. This option creates files in `/etc/modules-load.d/` and `/etc/modprobe.d/` that make your module configuration persistent during reboots. If `present`, adds module name to `/etc/modules-load.d/` and params to `/etc/modprobe.d/` so the module is loaded on next reboot. If `absent`, comments out module name from `/etc/modules-load.d/` and comments out params from `/etc/modprobe.d/` so the module is not loaded on next reboot. If `disabled`, does not touch anything and leaves `/etc/modules-load.d/` and `/etc/modprobe.d/` as it is. Note that it is usually a better idea to rely on the automatic module loading by PCI IDs, USB IDs, DMI IDs or similar triggers encoded in the kernel modules themselves instead of configuration like this. In fact, most modern kernel modules are prepared for automatic loading already. **Note:** This option works only with distributions that use `systemd` when set to values other than `disabled`.
- `state` (String) Whether the module should be present or absent.
