---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_sudoers Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_sudoers (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `name` (String) The name of the sudoers rule. This is used for the filename for the sudoers file managed by this rule.

### Optional

- `commands` (String) The commands allowed by the sudoers rule. Multiple can be added by passing a list of commands. Use `ALL` for all commands.
- `group` (String) The name of the group for the sudoers rule. This option cannot be used in conjunction with `user`.
- `host` (String) Specify the host the rule is for.
- `noexec` (Boolean) Whether a command is prevented to run further commands itself.
- `nopassword` (Boolean) Whether a password is not required when command is run with sudo.
- `runas` (String) Specify the target user the command(s) runs as.
- `setenv` (Boolean) Whether to allow keeping the environment when command is run with sudo.
- `state` (String) Whether the rule should exist or not.
- `sudoers_path` (String) The path which sudoers config files are managed in.
- `user` (String) The name of the user for the sudoers rule. This option cannot be used in conjunction with `group`.
- `validation` (String) If `absent`, the sudoers rule is added without validation. If `detect` and `visudo` is available, then the sudoers rule is validated by `visudo`. If `required`, `visudo` must be available to validate the sudoers rule.
