---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_scaleway_database_backup Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_scaleway_database_backup (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `region` (String) Scaleway region to use (for example `fr-par`).

### Optional

- `database_name` (String) Name used to identify the database. Required for `present` and `restored` states. Ignored when `state=absent` or `state=exported`.
- `expires_at` (String) Expiration datetime of the database backup (ISO 8601 format). Ignored when `state=absent`, `state=exported` or `state=restored`.
- `id` (String) UUID used to identify the database backup. Required for `absent`, `exported` and `restored` states.
- `instance_id` (String) UUID of the instance associated to the database backup. Required for `present` and `restored` states. Ignored when `state=absent` or `state=exported`.
- `name` (String) Name used to identify the database backup. Required for `present` state. Ignored when `state=absent`, `state=exported` or `state=restored`.
- `state` (String) Indicate desired state of the database backup. `present` creates a backup. `absent` deletes the backup. `exported` creates a download link for the backup. `restored` restores the backup to a new database.
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait for the instance to reach its desired state before returning.
- `wait_sleep_time` (Number) Time to wait before every attempt to check the state of the backup.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) Time to wait for the backup to reach the expected state.

### Read-Only

- `metadata` (String) Backup metadata.
