---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_support_assist Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_support_assist (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `accept_eula` (Boolean) This parameter accepts the EULA terms and conditions that are required for SupportAssist registration. If EULA terms and conditions are not accepted, then the SupportAssist collection cannot be run or exported.
- `data_collector` (String) This option provides the choice of data to keep in SupportAssist collection. System Information is available in on the SupportAssist collection by default. `hardware_data`, SupportAssist collection includes data that are related to hardware. `storage_logs`, SupportAssist collection includes logs that are related to storage devices. `os_app_data`, SupportAssist collection includes data that is related to the operating system and applications. `debug_logs`, SupportAssist collection includes logs that are related to debugging. `telemetry_reports`, SupportAssist collection includes reports that are related to telemetry. `gpu_logs`, SupportAssist collection includes logs that are related to GPUs.
- `export` (Boolean) Exports the SupportAssist collection to the given network share. This operation requires *share_parameters*.
- `filter_data` (Boolean) This option provides the choice to filter data for privacy. It does not include hostname, MAC address, thermal data, logs, or registry content.
- `job_wait` (Boolean) This option determines whether to wait for the job completion or not.
- `job_wait_timeout` (Number) Time in seconds to wait for job completion. This is applicable when *job_wait* is `true`.
- `resource_id` (String) Id of the resource. If the value for resource ID is not provided, the module picks the first resource ID available from the list of system resources that are returned by the iDRAC.
- `run` (Boolean) Run the SupportAssist job based on the different types of logs in the collection on iDRAC.
- `share_parameters` (String) Parameters that are required for the export operation of SupportAssist collection. *share_parameters* is required when *export* is `true`.

### Read-Only

- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `job_details` (String) Returns the output for status of the job.
- `msg` (String) Status of the SupportAssist operation.
