---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_powerflex_volume_v2 Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_powerflex_volume_v2 (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `state` (String) State of the volume.

### Optional

- `allow_multiple_mappings` (Boolean) Specifies whether to allow or not allow multiple mappings. If the volume is mapped to one SDC then for every new mapping *allow_multiple_mappings* has to be passed as true.
- `auto_snap_remove_type` (String) Whether to remove or detach the snapshot policy. To remove/detach snapshot policy, empty *snapshot_policy_id*/*snapshot_policy_name* is to be passed along with *auto_snap_remove_type*. If the snapshot policy name/id is passed empty then *auto_snap_remove_type* is defaulted to `detach`.
- `cap_unit` (String) The unit of the volume size. It defaults to 'GB'.
- `delete_snapshots` (Boolean) If `true`, the volume and all its dependent snapshots will be deleted. If `false`, only the volume will be deleted. It can be specified only when the *state* is `absent`. It defaults to `false`, if not specified.
- `protection_domain_id` (String) The ID of the protection domain. During creation of a volume, if more than one storage pool exists with the same name then either protection domain name or id must be mentioned along with it. Mutually exclusive with *protection_domain_name*.
- `protection_domain_name` (String) The name of the protection domain. During creation of a volume, if more than one storage pool exists with the same name then either protection domain name or id must be mentioned along with it. Mutually exclusive with *protection_domain_id*.
- `refresh_src_vol_id` (String) ID of the source volume/snapshot to refresh from. Either the name or the id of the source volume/snapshot is required Mutually exclusive with *refresh_src_vol_name*.
- `refresh_src_vol_name` (String) Name of the source volume/snapshot to refresh from. Either the name or the id of the source volume/snapshot is required Mutually exclusive with *refresh_src_vol_id*.
- `restore_src_vol_id` (String) ID of the source volume/snapshot to restore from. Either the name or the id of the source volume/snapshot is required Mutually exclusive with *restore_src_vol_name*.
- `restore_src_vol_name` (String) Name of the source volume/snapshot to restore from. Either the name or the id of the source volume/snapshot is required Mutually exclusive with *restore_src_vol_id*.
- `sdc` (String) Specifies SDC parameters.
- `sdc_state` (String) Mapping state of the SDC.
- `size` (Number) The size of the volume. Size of the volume will be assigned as higher multiple of 8 GB.
- `snapshot_policy_id` (String) ID of the snapshot policy. To remove/detach snapshot policy, empty *snapshot_policy_id*/*snapshot_policy_name* is to be passed along with *auto_snap_remove_type*.
- `snapshot_policy_name` (String) Name of the snapshot policy. To remove/detach snapshot policy, empty *snapshot_policy_id*/*snapshot_policy_name* is to be passed along with *auto_snap_remove_type*.
- `storage_pool_id` (String) The ID of the storage pool. Either name or the id of the storage pool is required for creating a volume. Mutually exclusive with *storage_pool_name*.
- `storage_pool_name` (String) The name of the storage pool. Either name or the id of the storage pool is required for creating a volume. During creation, if storage pool name is provided then either protection domain name or id must be mentioned along with it. Mutually exclusive with *storage_pool_id*.
- `vol_id` (String) The ID of the volume. Except create operation, all other operations can be performed using *vol_id*. Mutually exclusive with *vol_name*.
- `vol_name` (String) The name of the volume. Mandatory for create operation. It is unique across the PowerFlex array. Mutually exclusive with *vol_id*.
- `vol_new_name` (String) New name of the volume. Used to rename the volume.
- `vol_type` (String) Type of volume provisioning.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether or not the resource has changed.
- `volume_details` (String) Details of the volume.
