---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_group Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_group (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `name` (String) Name of the group to manage.

### Optional

- `force` (Boolean) Whether to delete a group even if it is the primary group of a user. Only applicable on platforms which implement a `--force` flag on the group deletion command.
- `gid` (Number) Optional *GID* to set for the group.
- `gid_max` (Number) Sets the GID_MAX value for group creation. Overwrites /etc/login.defs default value. Currently supported on Linux. Does nothing when used with other platforms. Requires `local` is omitted or `False`.
- `gid_min` (Number) Sets the GID_MIN value for group creation. Overwrites /etc/login.defs default value. Currently supported on Linux. Does nothing when used with other platforms. Requires `local` is omitted or `False`.
- `local` (Boolean) Forces the use of "local" command alternatives on platforms that implement it. This is useful in environments that use centralized authentication when you want to manipulate the local groups. (for example, it uses `lgroupadd` instead of `groupadd`). This requires that these commands exist on the targeted host, otherwise it will be a fatal error.
- `non_unique` (Boolean) This option allows to change the group ID to a non-unique value. Requires `gid`. Not supported on macOS or BusyBox distributions.
- `state` (String) Whether the group should be present or not on the remote host.
- `system` (Boolean) If `yes`, indicates that the group created is a system group.
