---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_include_role Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_include_role (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `name` (String) The name of the role to be executed.

### Optional

- `allow_duplicates` (Boolean) Overrides the role's metadata setting to allow using a role more than once with the same parameters.
- `apply` (String) Accepts a hash of task keywords (for example C(tags), C(become)) that will be applied to all tasks within the included role.
- `defaults_from` (String) File to load from a role's C(defaults/) directory.
- `handlers_from` (String) File to load from a role's C(handlers/) directory.
- `public` (Boolean) This option dictates whether the role's C(vars) and C(defaults) are exposed to the play. If set to V(true) the variables will be available to tasks following the C(include_role) task. This functionality differs from standard variable exposure for roles listed under the C(roles) header or M(ansible.builtin.import_role) as they are exposed to the play at playbook parsing time, and available to earlier roles and tasks as well.
- `rolespec_validate` (Boolean) Perform role argument spec validation if an argument spec is defined.
- `tasks_from` (String) File to load from a role's C(tasks/) directory.
- `vars_from` (String) File to load from a role's C(vars/) directory.
