---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_replace Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_replace (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `path` (String) The file to modify. Before Ansible 2.3 this option was only usable as O(dest), O(destfile) and O(name).
- `regexp` (String) The regular expression to look for in the contents of the file. Uses Python regular expressions; see U(https://docs.python.org/3/library/re.html). Uses MULTILINE mode, which means V(^) and V($) match the beginning and end of the file, as well as the beginning and end respectively of I(each line) of the file. Does not use DOTALL, which means the V(.) special character matches any character I(except newlines). A common mistake is to assume that a negated character set like V([^#]) will also not match newlines. In order to exclude newlines, they must be added to the set like V([^#\\n]). Note that, as of Ansible 2.0, short form tasks should have any escape sequences backslash-escaped in order to prevent them being parsed as string literal escapes. See the examples.

### Optional

- `after` (String) If specified, only content after this match will be replaced/removed. Can be used in combination with O(before). Uses Python regular expressions; see U(https://docs.python.org/3/library/re.html). Uses DOTALL, which means the V(.) special character I(can match newlines). Does not use MULTILINE, so V(^) and V($) will only match the beginning and end of the file.
- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file including the timestamp information so you can get the original file back if you somehow clobbered it incorrectly.
- `before` (String) If specified, only content before this match will be replaced/removed. Can be used in combination with O(after). Uses Python regular expressions; see U(https://docs.python.org/3/library/re.html). Uses DOTALL, which means the V(.) special character I(can match newlines). Does not use MULTILINE, so V(^) and V($) will only match the beginning and end of the file.
- `encoding` (String) The character encoding for reading and writing the file.
- `replace` (String) The string to replace regexp matches. May contain backreferences that will get expanded with the regexp capture groups if the regexp matches. If not set, matches are removed entirely. Backreferences can be used ambiguously like V(\\1), or explicitly like V(\\g<1>).
