---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_set_fact Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_set_fact (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `key_value` (String) The M(ansible.builtin.set_fact) module takes C(key=value) pairs or C(key: value) (YAML notation) as variables to set in the playbook scope. The 'key' is the resulting variable name and the value is, of course, the value of said variable. You can create multiple variables at once, by supplying multiple pairs, but do NOT mix notations.

### Optional

- `cacheable` (Boolean) This boolean converts the variable into an actual 'fact' which will also be added to the fact cache. It does not enable fact caching across runs, it just means it will work with it if already enabled. Normally this module creates 'host level variables' and has much higher precedence, this option changes the nature and precedence (by 7 steps) of the variable created. U(https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/playbooks_variables.html#variable-precedence-where-should-i-put-a-variable) This actually creates 2 copies of the variable, a normal 'set_fact' host variable with high precedence and a lower 'ansible_fact' one that is available for persistence via the facts cache plugin. This creates a possibly confusing interaction with C(meta: clear_facts) as it will remove the 'ansible_fact' but not the host variable.

### Read-Only

- `result` (String) Full raw JSON result from Ansible
