---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_setup Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_setup (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `fact_path` (String) Path used for local ansible facts (C(*.fact)) - files in this dir will be run (if executable) and their results be added to C(ansible_local) facts. If a file is not executable it is read instead. File/results format can be JSON or INI-format. The default O(fact_path) can be specified in C(ansible.cfg) for when setup is automatically called as part of C(gather_facts). NOTE - For windows clients, the results will be added to a variable named after the local file (without extension suffix), rather than C(ansible_local). Since Ansible 2.1, Windows hosts can use O(fact_path). Make sure that this path exists on the target host. Files in this path MUST be PowerShell scripts C(.ps1) which outputs an object. This object will be formatted by Ansible as json so the script should be outputting a raw hashtable, array, or other primitive object.
- `filter` (String) If supplied, only return facts that match one of the shell-style (fnmatch) pattern. An empty list basically means 'no filter'. As of Ansible 2.11, the type has changed from string to list and the default has became an empty list. A simple string is still accepted and works as a single pattern. The behaviour prior to Ansible 2.11 remains.
- `gather_subset` (String) If supplied, restrict the additional facts collected to the given subset. Possible values: V(all), V(all_ipv4_addresses), V(all_ipv6_addresses), V(apparmor), V(architecture), V(caps), V(chroot),V(cmdline), V(date_time), V(default_ipv4), V(default_ipv6), V(devices), V(distribution), V(distribution_major_version), V(distribution_release), V(distribution_version), V(dns), V(effective_group_ids), V(effective_user_id), V(env), V(facter), V(fips), V(hardware), V(interfaces), V(is_chroot), V(iscsi), V(kernel), V(local), V(lsb), V(machine), V(machine_id), V(mounts), V(network), V(ohai), V(os_family), V(pkg_mgr), V(platform), V(processor), V(processor_cores), V(processor_count), V(python), V(python_version), V(real_user_id), V(selinux), V(service_mgr), V(ssh_host_key_dsa_public), V(ssh_host_key_ecdsa_public), V(ssh_host_key_ed25519_public), V(ssh_host_key_rsa_public), V(ssh_host_pub_keys), V(ssh_pub_keys), V(system), V(system_capabilities), V(system_capabilities_enforced), V(systemd), V(user), V(user_dir), V(user_gecos), V(user_gid), V(user_id), V(user_shell), V(user_uid), V(virtual), V(virtualization_role), V(virtualization_type). Can specify a list of values to specify a larger subset. Values can also be used with an initial C(!) to specify that that specific subset should not be collected.  For instance: V(!hardware,!network,!virtual,!ohai,!facter). If V(!all) is specified then only the min subset is collected. To avoid collecting even the min subset, specify V(!all,!min). To collect only specific facts, use V(!all,!min), and specify the particular fact subsets. Use the filter parameter if you do not want to display some collected facts.
- `gather_timeout` (Number) Set the default timeout in seconds for individual fact gathering.

### Read-Only

- `result` (String) Full raw JSON result from Ansible
