---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_subversion Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_subversion (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `repo` (String) The subversion URL to the repository.

### Optional

- `checkout` (Boolean) If V(false), do not check out the repository if it does not exist locally.
- `dest` (String) Absolute path where the repository should be deployed. The destination directory must be specified unless O(checkout=no), O(update=no), and O(export=no).
- `executable` (String) Path to svn executable to use. If not supplied, the normal mechanism for resolving binary paths will be used.
- `export` (Boolean) If V(true), do export instead of checkout/update.
- `force` (Boolean) If V(true), modified files will be discarded. If V(false), module will fail if it encounters modified files. Prior to 1.9 the default was V(true).
- `in_place` (Boolean) If the directory exists, then the working copy will be checked-out over-the-top using C(svn checkout --force); if force is specified then existing files with different content are reverted.
- `password` (String) C(--password) parameter passed to svn when svn is less than version 1.10.0. This is not secure and the password will be leaked to argv. C(--password-from-stdin) parameter when svn is greater or equal to version 1.10.0.
- `revision` (String) Specific revision to checkout.
- `switch` (Boolean) If V(false), do not call svn switch before update.
- `update` (Boolean) If V(false), do not retrieve new revisions from the origin repository.
- `username` (String) C(--username) parameter passed to svn.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If V(false), passes the C(--trust-server-cert) flag to svn. If V(true), does not pass the flag.

### Read-Only

- `result` (String) Full raw JSON result from Ansible
