---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_guest_info Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_guest_info (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `datacenter` (String) The datacenter with the VM you would like to query. This is only used if the `folder` parameter is supplied as a relative path.
- `folder` (String) Absolute or relative folder path to search for the virtual machine. This parameter is only used if `name` is supplied, and can help identify the machine you want to query. For example 'datacenter name/vm/path/to/folder' or 'path/to/folder'
- `folder_paths_are_absolute` (Boolean) If true, any folder path parameters are treated as absolute paths. If false, modules will try to intelligently determine if the path is absolute or relative. This option is useful when your environment has a complex folder structure. By default, modules will try to intelligently determine if the path is absolute or relative. They may mistakenly prepend the datacenter name or other folder names, and this option can be used to avoid this.
- `gather_tags` (Boolean) If true, gather any tags attached to the vm(s)
- `guest_password` (String) The password of the user to be used to connect to guest vm and fetch environment info.
- `guest_username` (String) The username to be used to connect to guest vm and fetch environment info.
- `moid` (String) The MOID of the vm to gather info for Only one of name, moid, uuid is allowed
- `name` (String) The name of the vm to gather info for Only one of name, moid, uuid is allowed
- `name_match` (String) If using name and multiple VMs have the same name, specify which VM should be selected
- `properties` (String) If the schema is 'vsphere', gather these specific properties only
- `schema` (String) The type of info to gather from the vms
- `use_instance_uuid` (Boolean) If true, search by instance UUID instead of BIOS UUID. BIOS UUID may not be unique and may cause errors.
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the vm to gather info for Only one of name, moid, uuid is allowed

### Read-Only

- `guests` (String) Information about guest.
