---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_folder_template_from_vm Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_folder_template_from_vm (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datacenter` (String) The name of datacenter in which to operate
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against
- `template_folder` (String) The name of the folder that the new template should be placed in Should be the full folder path, with or without the 'datacenter/vm/' prefix For example 'datacenter name/vm/path/to/folder' or 'path/to/folder'
- `template_name` (String) The name to give to the new template.

### Optional

- `datastore` (String) The name of datastore to use as storage for the template.
- `folder_paths_are_absolute` (Boolean) If true, any folder path parameters are treated as absolute paths. If false, modules will try to intelligently determine if the path is absolute or relative. This option is useful when your environment has a complex folder structure. By default, modules will try to intelligently determine if the path is absolute or relative. They may mistakenly prepend the datacenter name or other folder names, and this option can be used to avoid this.
- `resource_pool` (String) The resource pool to place the template in.
- `state` (String) If the template should be present or absent
- `vm_moid` (String) The MOID of the vm to be used to create the template One of vm_name, vm_moid, vm_uuid is required This parameter is ignored when state is 'absent'
- `vm_name` (String) The name of the vm to be used to create the template One of vm_name, vm_moid, vm_uuid is required This parameter is ignored when state is 'absent'
- `vm_name_match` (String) If using vm_name and multiple VMs have the same name, specify which VM should be selected
- `vm_use_instance_uuid` (Boolean) If true, search by instance UUID instead of BIOS UUID. BIOS UUID may not be unique and may cause errors.
- `vm_uuid` (String) The UUID of the vm to be used to create the template One of vm_name, vm_moid, vm_uuid is required This parameter is ignored when state is 'absent'
- `wait_for_template` (Boolean) If true, the module will wait until the template is created to exit.
