---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_deploy_folder_template Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_deploy_folder_template (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `esxi_host` (String) The name of the ESXi host onto which the virtual machine should be deployed. If `esxi_host` and `resource_pool` are both specified, `resource_pool` must belong to `esxi_host`. If `esxi_host` and `cluster` are both specified, `esxi_host` must be a member of `cluster`. Changing this option will not result in the VM being redeployed (it does not affect idempotency).
- `power_on_after_deploy` (Boolean) Whether or not the VM should be powered on once it has been deployed. This is only applied when the VM is deployed. If the VM already exists, the power state is not modified. Changing this option will not result in the VM being redeployed (it does not affect idempotency).
- `template_folder` (String) The path to the folder where the template with `template_name` exists. This parameter is not used if `template_id` is supplied. This can be an absolute (/datacenter/vm/my/folder) or relative (my/folder) path. This parameter is mutually exclusive with `template_folder_id`.
- `template_folder_id` (String) The ID of the folder where the template with `template_name` exists. This parameter is not used if `template_id` is supplied. This parameter is mutually exclusive with `template_folder`.
- `template_id` (String) The ID of the template to use when deploying. This parameter takes precedence over `template_name` and `template_folder`
- `template_name` (String) The name of the template to use when deploying. You must also supply `template_folder` if you use this parameter. This parameter is not used if `template_id` is supplied.

### Read-Only

- `vm` (String) Identifying information about the vm
