---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_vcsa_backup_schedule Data Source - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_vcsa_backup_schedule (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this data source against

### Optional

- `always_update_password` (Boolean) If true and `encryption_password` or `location.password` is set, this module will always report a change and set the appropriate password values. If false, other properties are still checked for differences. If a difference is found, the value of `encryption_password` and/or `location.password` is still used. If the password options are unset, this parameter is ignored. This option is needed because there is no way to check the current password value and compare it against the desired password value.
- `db_fast_backup` (Boolean) If true, the underlying Postgres DB/VCDB will use a fast backup method.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the schedule should be enabled.
- `encryption_password` (String) A password to use to encrypt the backup. If this is unset, the backup is not encrypted.
- `include_stats_events_and_tasks` (Boolean) If true, historical data about stats, events, and tasks will be included in the backups.
- `include_supervisors_control_plane` (Boolean) If true, the supervisors control plane will be included in the backups.
- `location` (String) Options describing the location where the backup should be stored.
- `name` (String) The name of the backup schedule. This must be unique, and is used as an identifier for the schedule. Your VCSA may only allow for one schedule. If you create this schedule via the web UI, its name is 'default'. You can change the name by deleting the existing schedule and creating a new one with a new name.
- `retain_count` (Number) The number of backups to retain. If this is set to 0, all backups are kept.
- `schedule` (String) Options describing the timing and recurrence of the backup schedule.
- `state` (String) Whether the schedule should be present or absent.

### Read-Only

- `vcsa` (String) Identifying information about the appliance
