---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_rds_engine_versions_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_rds_engine_versions_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `db_parameter_group_family` (String) The name of a specific RDS parameter group family to return details for.
- `default_only` (Boolean) Specifies whether to return only the default version of the specified engine or the engine and major version combination.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `engine` (String) The database engine to return version details for.
- `engine_version` (String) A specific database engine version to return details for.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filters` (String) A filter that specifies one or more DB engine versions to describe. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/APIReference/API_DescribeDBEngineVersions.html.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `db_engine_versions` (String) List of RDS engine versions.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
