---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_cloudwatch_metric_alarm Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_cloudwatch_metric_alarm (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Unique name for the alarm.

### Optional

- `alarm_actions` (String) A list of the names action(s) taken when the alarm is in the `alarm` status, denoted as Amazon Resource Name(s).
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comparison` (String) Determines how the threshold value is compared
- `datapoints_to_alarm` (Number) The number of data points that must be breaching to trigger the alarm.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A longer description of the alarm.
- `dimensions` (String) A dictionary describing which metric the alarm is applied to. For more information see the AWS documentation: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/cloudwatch_concepts.html#Dimension
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `evaluate_low_sample_count_percentile` (String) Used only for alarms based on percentiles. If you specify `ignore`, the alarm state does not change during periods with too few data points to be statistically significant. If you specify `evaluate` or omit this parameter, alarm is evaluated and possibly changes state no matter how many data points are available.
- `evaluation_periods` (Number) The number of times in which the metric is evaluated before final calculation.
- `extended_statistic` (String) The percentile statistic for the metric specified in the metric name.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `insufficient_data_actions` (String) A list of the names of action(s) to take when the alarm is in the `insufficient_data` status.
- `metric_name` (String) Name of the monitored metric (e.g. `CPUUtilization`). Metric must already exist.
- `metrics` (String) An array of MetricDataQuery structures that enable you to create an alarm based on the result of a metric math expression.
- `namespace` (String) Name of the appropriate namespace (`AWS/EC2`, `System/Linux`, etc.), which determines the category it will appear under in CloudWatch.
- `ok_actions` (String) A list of the names of action(s) to take when the alarm is in the `ok` status, denoted as Amazon Resource Name(s).
- `period` (Number) The time (in seconds) between metric evaluations.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Register or deregister the alarm.
- `statistic` (String) Operation applied to the metric. Works in conjunction with `period` and `evaluation_periods` to determine the comparison value.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `threshold` (Number) Sets the min/max bound for triggering the alarm.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `treat_missing_data` (String) Sets how the alarm handles missing data points.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unit` (String) The threshold's unit of measurement.

### Read-Only

- `actions_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether actions should be executed during any changes to the alarm state.
- `alarm_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the alarm.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `last_updated` (String) The time stamp of the last update to the alarm configuration.
- `metric` (String) Name of the monitored metric (e.g. `CPUUtilization`).
- `state_reason` (String) An explanation for the alarm state, in text format.
- `state_value` (String) The state value for the alarm.
