---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_cloudwatch_metric_alarm_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_cloudwatch_metric_alarm_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `action_prefix` (String) This parameter can be used to filter the results of the operation to only those alarms that use a certain alarm action.
- `alarm_name_prefix` (String) An alarm name prefix to retrieve information about alarms that have names that start with this prefix. Can not be used with `alarm_names`.
- `alarm_names` (String) The name of the metric.
- `alarm_type` (String) Specify this to return metric alarms or composite alarms. Module is defaulted to return metric alarms but can return composite alarms if `alarm_type=CompositeAlarm`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `children_of_alarm_name` (String) If specified returns information about the "children" alarms of the alarm name specified.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `parents_of_alarm_name` (String) If specified returns information about the "parent" alarms of the alarm name specified.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state_value` (String) If specified returns information only about alarms that are currently in the particular state.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `metric_alarms` (String) The gathered information about specified metric alarms.
