---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_dedicated_host Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_dedicated_host (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `asset_ids` (String) The IDs of the Outpost hardware assets on which to allocate the Dedicated Hosts. Targeting specific hardware assets on an Outpost can help to minimize latency between your workloads. This parameter is supported only if you specify `outpost_arn`. If you specify this parameter, you can omit `quantity`. If you specify both `asset_ids` and `quantity`, then the value for `quantity` must be equal to the number of `asset_ids` specified.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_placement` (String) Indicates whether the host accepts any untargeted instance launches that match its instance type configuration, or if it only accepts Host tenancy instance launches that specify its unique host ID.
- `availability_zone` (String) The Availability Zone in which to allocate the Dedicated Host. Required if `state=present`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client_token` (String) case-sensitive identifier that you provide to ensure the idempotency of the request.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host_maintenance` (String) Indicates whether to enable or disable host maintenance for the Dedicated Host.
- `host_recovery` (String) Indicates whether to enable or disable host recovery for the Dedicated Host. Host recovery is disabled by default.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `instance_family` (String) Specifies the instance family to be supported by the Dedicated Hosts. If you specify an instance family, the Dedicated Hosts support multiple instance types within that instance family. At least one of `instance_family` or `instance_type` must be specified when allocating dedicated host. Mutually exclusive with paramter `instance_type`.
- `instance_type` (String) Specifies the instance type to be supported by the Dedicated Hosts. If you specify an instance type, the Dedicated Hosts support instances of the specified instance type only. At least one of `instance_family` or `instance_type` must be specified when allocating dedicated host. Mutually exclusive with paramter `instance_family`.
- `lookup` (String) Look up EC2 dedicated host by either `tags` or by `host_id`. If `lookup=tag` and `tags` is not specified then no lookup for an existing dedicated host is performed and a new dedicated host will be created. When using `lookup=tag`, multiple matches being found will result in a failure and no changes will be made. To change the tags of a dedicated host, use `lookup=host_id`.
- `outpost_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon Web Services Outpost on which to allocate the Dedicated Host.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `quantity` (Number) The number of Dedicated Hosts to allocate to your account with these parameters. Required when `state=present`. If you are allocating the Dedicated Hosts on an Outpost, and you specify `asset_ids`, you can omit this parameter. If you specify both `asset_ids` and `quantity`, then the value that you specify for `quantity` must be equal to the number of `asset_ids` specified.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or delete dedicated host.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `host` (String) Information about the dedicated host created/updated.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
