---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_s3_object_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_s3_object_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket_name` (String) The name of the bucket that contains the object.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `ceph` (Boolean) Enable API compatibility with Ceph RGW. It takes into account the S3 API subset working with Ceph in order to provide the same module behaviour where possible. Requires `endpoint_url` if `ceph=true`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dualstack` (Boolean) Enables Amazon S3 Dual-Stack Endpoints, allowing S3 communications using both IPv4 and IPv6. Support for passing `dualstack` and `endpoint_url` at the same time has been deprecated, the dualstack endpoints are automatically configured using the configured `region`. Support will be removed in a release after 2024-12-01.
- `endpoint_url` (String) S3 URL endpoint for usage with Ceph, Eucalyptus and fakes3 etc. Otherwise assumes AWS.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `marker` (String) Specifies the Object key to start with.  Object keys are returned in alphabetical order, starting with key after the marker in order.
- `max_keys` (Number) Max number of results to return.  Set this if you want to retrieve only partial results.
- `object_details` (String) Retrieve requested S3 object detailed information.
- `object_name` (String) The name of the object. If not specified, a list of all objects in the specified bucket will be returned. Mutually exclusive with `prefix`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prefix` (String) Limits the response to keys that begin with the specified prefix. Mutually exclusive with `object_name`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `object_info` (String) S3 object details.
- `s3_keys` (String) List of object keys.
