---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_elb_application_lb Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_elb_application_lb (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the load balancer. This name must be unique within your AWS account, can have a maximum of 32 characters, must contain only alphanumeric characters or hyphens, and must not begin or end with a hyphen.

### Optional

- `access_logs_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable access logs. When set, `access_logs_s3_bucket` must also be set.
- `access_logs_s3_bucket` (String) The name of the S3 bucket for the access logs. The bucket must exist in the same region as the load balancer and have a bucket policy that grants Elastic Load Balancing permission to write to the bucket. Required if access logs in Amazon S3 are enabled. When set, `access_logs_enabled` must also be set.
- `access_logs_s3_prefix` (String) The prefix for the log location in the S3 bucket. If you don't specify a prefix, the access logs are stored in the root of the bucket. Cannot begin or end with a slash.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) Indicates whether deletion protection for the ALB is enabled. Defaults to `false`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `http2` (Boolean) Indicates whether to enable HTTP2 routing. Defaults to `True`.
- `http_desync_mitigation_mode` (String) Determines how the load balancer handles requests that might pose a security risk to an application. Defaults to `defensive`.
- `http_drop_invalid_header_fields` (Boolean) Indicates whether HTTP headers with invalid header fields are removed by the load balancer `true` or routed to targets `false`. Defaults to `false`.
- `http_x_amzn_tls_version_and_cipher_suite` (Boolean) Indicates whether the two headers are added to the client request before sending it to the target. Defaults to `false`.
- `http_xff_client_port` (Boolean) Indicates whether the X-Forwarded-For header should preserve the source port that the client used to connect to the load balancer. Defaults to `false`.
- `idle_timeout` (Number) The number of seconds to wait before an idle connection is closed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_address_type` (String) Sets the type of IP addresses used by the subnets of the specified Application Load Balancer.
- `listeners` (String) A list of dicts containing listeners to attach to the ALB. See examples for detail of the dict required. Note that listener keys are CamelCased.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_listeners` (Boolean) If `true`, existing listeners will be purged from the ALB to match exactly what is defined by `listeners` parameter. If the `listeners` parameter is not set then listeners will not be modified.
- `purge_rules` (Boolean) When set to `false`, keep the existing load balancer rules in place. Will modify and add, but will not delete.
- `scheme` (String) Internet-facing or internal load balancer. An ALB scheme can not be modified after creation.
- `security_groups` (String) A list of the names or IDs of the security groups to assign to the load balancer. Required if `state=present`. If `[]`, the VPC's default security group will be used.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or destroy the load balancer.
- `subnets` (String) A list of the IDs of the subnets to attach to the load balancer. You can specify only one subnet per Availability Zone. You must specify subnets from at least two Availability Zones. Required if `state=present`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `waf_fail_open` (Boolean) Indicates whether to allow a AWS WAF-enabled load balancer to route requests to targets if it is unable to forward the request to AWS WAF. Defaults to `false`.
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait for the load balancer to have a state of 'active' before completing. A status check is performed every 15 seconds until a successful state is reached. An error is returned after 40 failed checks.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) The time in seconds to use in conjunction with `wait`.

### Read-Only

- `access_logs_s3_enabled` (String) Indicates whether access logs stored in Amazon S3 are enabled.
- `availability_zones` (String) The Availability Zones for the load balancer.
- `canonical_hosted_zone_id` (String) The ID of the Amazon Route 53 hosted zone associated with the load balancer.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `client_keep_alive_seconds` (String) The client keep alive value, in seconds.
- `connection_logs_s3_bucket` (String) The name of the S3 bucket for the connection logs.
- `connection_logs_s3_enabled` (String) Indicates whether connection logs are enabled.
- `connection_logs_s3_prefix` (String) The prefix for the location in the S3 bucket for the connection logs.
- `created_time` (String) The date and time the load balancer was created.
- `deletion_protection_enabled` (String) Indicates whether deletion protection is enabled.
- `dns_name` (String) The public DNS name of the load balancer.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `idle_timeout_timeout_seconds` (String) The idle timeout value, in seconds.
- `ipv6_deny_all_igw_traffic` (String) Locks internet gateway (IGW) access to the load balancer.
- `load_balancer_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the load balancer.
- `load_balancer_name` (String) The name of the load balancer.
- `load_balancing_cross_zone_enabled` (String) Indicates whether cross-zone load balancing is enabled.
- `routing_http2_enabled` (String) Indicates whether HTTP/2 is enabled.
- `routing_http_desync_mitigation_mode` (String) Determines how the load balancer handles requests that might pose a security risk to an application.
- `routing_http_drop_invalid_header_fields_enabled` (String) Indicates whether HTTP headers with invalid header fields are removed by the load balancer (true) or routed to targets (false).
- `routing_http_preserve_host_header_enabled` (String) Indicates whether the Application Load Balancer should preserve the Host header in the HTTP request and send it to the target without any change.
- `routing_http_x_amzn_tls_version_and_cipher_suite_enabled` (String) Indicates whether the two headers are added to the client request before sending it to the target.
- `routing_http_xff_client_port_enabled` (String) Indicates whether the X-Forwarded-For header should preserve the source port that the client used to connect to the load balancer.
- `routing_http_xff_header_processing_mode` (String) Enables you to modify, preserve, or remove the X-Forwarded-For header in the HTTP request before the Application Load Balancer sends the request to the target.
- `type` (String) The type of load balancer.
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the VPC for the load balancer.
- `waf_fail_open_enabled` (String) Indicates whether to allow a AWS WAF-enabled load balancer to route requests to targets if it is unable to forward the request to AWS WAF.
