---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_autoscaling_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_autoscaling_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Unique name for group to be created or deleted.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `availability_zones` (String) List of availability zone names in which to create the group. Defaults to all the availability zones in the region if `vpc_zone_identifier` is not set.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `decrement_desired_capacity` (Boolean) Support for the `detach_instances` and `decrement_desired_capacity` parameters has been deprecated and will be removed in release 14.0.0. The `amazon.aws.autoscaling_instance` module can be used to attach instances to and detach and detach instances from an AutoScaling Group. Indicates whether the AutoScalingGroup decrements the desired capacity value by the number of instances detached.
- `default_cooldown` (Number) The number of seconds after a scaling activity completes before another can begin.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `desired_capacity` (Number) Desired number of instances in group, if unspecified then the current group value will be used.
- `detach_instances` (String) Support for the `detach_instances` parameter has been deprecated and will be removed in release 14.0.0. The `amazon.aws.autoscaling_instance` module can be used to attach instances to and detach and detach instances from an AutoScaling Group. Removes one or more instances from the specified AutoScalingGroup. If `decrement_desired_capacity` flag is not set, new instance(s) are launched to replace the detached instance(s). If a Classic Load Balancer is attached to the AutoScalingGroup, the instances are also deregistered from the load balancer. If there are target groups attached to the AutoScalingGroup, the instances are also deregistered from the target groups.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `health_check_period` (Number) Length of time in seconds after a new EC2 instance comes into service that Auto Scaling starts checking its health.
- `health_check_type` (String) The service you want the health status from, Amazon EC2 or Elastic Load Balancer.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `launch_config_name` (String) Name of the Launch configuration to use for the group. See the `community.aws.autoscaling_launch_config` module for managing these. Exactly one of `launch_config_name` or `launch_template` must be provided when creating a new AutoScaling Group. **Note** Amazon has deprecated support for AutoScaling Launch Configurations in favour of EC2 Launch Templates.  See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/launch-configurations.html for more information
- `launch_template` (String) Dictionary describing the Launch Template to use. Exactly one of `launch_config_name` or `launch_template` must be provided when creating a new AutoScaling Group.
- `lc_check` (Boolean) Support for the `detach_instances` and `lc_check` parameters has been deprecated and will be removed in release 14.0.0. The `amazon.aws.autoscaling_instance` module can be used to attach instances to and detach and detach instances from an AutoScaling Group. Check to make sure instances that are being replaced with `replace_instances` do not already have the current launch config.
- `load_balancers` (String) List of ELB names to use for the group. Use for classic load balancers.
- `lt_check` (Boolean) Support for the `detach_instances` and `lt_check` parameters has been deprecated and will be removed in release 14.0.0. The `amazon.aws.autoscaling_instance` module can be used to attach instances to and detach and detach instances from an AutoScaling Group. Check to make sure instances that are being replaced with `replace_instances` do not already have the current `launch_template` or `launch_template` `launch_template.version`.
- `max_instance_lifetime` (Number) The maximum amount of time, in seconds, that an instance can be in service. Maximum instance lifetime must be equal to `0`, between `604800` and `31536000` seconds (inclusive), or not specified. Value of `0` removes lifetime restriction.
- `max_size` (Number) Maximum number of instances in group, if unspecified then the current group value will be used.
- `metrics_collection` (Boolean) Enable ASG metrics collection.
- `metrics_granularity` (String) When `metrics_collection=true` this will determine the granularity of metrics collected by CloudWatch.
- `metrics_list` (String) List of autoscaling metrics to collect when `metrics_collection=true`.
- `min_size` (Number) Minimum number of instances in group, if unspecified then the current group value will be used.
- `mixed_instances_policy` (String) A mixed instance policy to use for the ASG. Only used when the ASG is configured to use a Launch Template (`launch_template`). See also https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-autoscaling-autoscalinggroup-mixedinstancespolicy.html
- `notification_topic` (String) A SNS topic ARN to send auto scaling notifications to.
- `notification_types` (String) A list of auto scaling events to trigger notifications on.
- `placement_group` (String) Physical location of your cluster placement group created in Amazon EC2.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_tags` (Boolean) If `true`, existing tags will be purged from the resource to match exactly what is defined by `tags` parameter. If the `tags` parameter is not set then tags will not be modified.
- `replace_all_instances` (Boolean) Support for the `replace_all_instances` parameter has been deprecated and will be removed in release 14.0.0. The `amazon.aws.autoscaling_instance_refresh` module can be used to perform an automated replacement of instances. In a rolling fashion, replace all instances that used the old launch configuration with one from the new launch configuration. It increases the ASG size by `replace_batch_size`, waits for the new instances to be up and running. After that, it terminates a batch of old instances, waits for the replacements, and repeats, until all old instances are replaced. Once that's done the ASG size is reduced back to the expected size.
- `replace_batch_size` (Number) Support for the `replace_all_instances` and `replace_batch_size` parameters has been deprecated and will be removed in release 14.0.0. The `amazon.aws.autoscaling_instance_refresh` module can be used to perform an automated replacement of instances. Number of instances you'd like to replace at a time.  Used with `replace_all_instances`.
- `replace_instances` (String) Support for the `replace_instances` parameter has been deprecated and will be removed in release 14.0.0. The `amazon.aws.autoscaling_instance` module can be used to terminate instances attached to an AutoScaling Group. List of instance ids belonging to the named AutoScalingGroup that you would like to terminate and be replaced with instances matching the current launch configuration.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Register or deregister the instance.
- `suspend_processes` (String) A list of scaling processes to suspend. Valid values include: `Launch`, `Terminate`, `HealthCheck`, `ReplaceUnhealthy`, `AZRebalance`, `AlarmNotification`, `ScheduledActions`, `AddToLoadBalancer` Full documentation of valid values can be found in the AWS documentation: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/as-suspend-resume-processes.html
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_group_arns` (String) List of target group ARNs to use for the group. Use for application load balancers.
- `termination_policies` (String) An ordered list of criteria used for selecting instances to be removed from the Auto Scaling group when reducing capacity. Using `termination_policies=Default` when modifying an existing AutoScalingGroup will result in the existing policy being retained instead of changed to `Default`. Valid values include: `Default`, `OldestInstance`, `NewestInstance`, `OldestLaunchConfiguration`, `ClosestToNextInstanceHour` Full documentation of valid values can be found in the AWS documentation: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/as-instance-termination.html#custom-termination-policy
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vpc_zone_identifier` (String) List of VPC subnets to use
- `wait_for_instances` (Boolean) Wait for the ASG instances to be in a ready state before exiting.  If instances are behind an ELB, it will wait until the ELB determines all instances have a lifecycle_state of  "InService" and  a health_status of "Healthy".
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long to wait for instances to become viable when replaced.  If you experience the error "Waited too long for ELB instances to be healthy", try increasing this value.

### Read-Only

- `auto_scaling_group_arn` (String) The unique ARN of the autoscaling group
- `auto_scaling_group_name` (String) The unique name of the auto scaling group
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `created_time` (String) Timestamp of create time of the auto scaling group
- `healthcheck_period` (Number) Length of time in seconds after a new EC2 instance comes into service that Auto Scaling starts checking its health.
- `healthcheck_type` (String) The service you want the health status from, one of "EC2" or "ELB".
- `healthy_instances` (Number) Number of instances in a healthy state
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `in_service_instances` (Number) Number of instances in service
- `instance_facts` (String) Dictionary of EC2 instances and their status as it relates to the ASG.
- `instances` (String) list of instance IDs in the ASG
- `mixed_instances_policy_full` (String) Returns the full dictionary representation of the mixed instances policy if a mixed instances policy is set.
- `pending_instances` (Number) Number of instances in pending state
- `target_group_names` (String) List of names of the target groups that the ASG populates
- `unhealthy_instances` (Number) Number of instances in an unhealthy state
- `viable_instances` (Number) Number of instances in a viable state
