---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_sts_assume_role Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_sts_assume_role (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role that the caller is assuming https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/Using_Identifiers.html#Identifiers_ARNs.
- `role_session_name` (String) Name of the role's session - will be used by CloudTrail.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `duration_seconds` (Number) The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) to 43200 seconds (12 hours). The max depends on the IAM role's sessions duration setting. By default, the value is set to `3600` seconds.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `external_id` (String) A unique identifier that is used by third parties to assume a role in their customers' accounts.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mfa_serial_number` (String) The identification number of the MFA device that is associated with the user who is making the AssumeRole call.
- `mfa_token` (String) The value provided by the MFA device, if the trust policy of the role being assumed requires MFA.
- `policy` (String) Supplemental policy to use in addition to assumed role's policies.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `sts_creds` (String) The temporary security credentials, which include an access key ID, a secret access key, and a security (or session) token.
- `sts_user` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) and the assumed role ID.
