---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_eni Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_eni (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `allow_reassignment` (Boolean) Indicates whether to allow an IP address that is already assigned to another network interface or instance to be reassigned to the specified network interface.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attached` (Boolean) Specifies if network interface should be attached or detached from instance. If omitted, attachment status won't change
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_on_termination` (Boolean) Delete the interface when the instance it is attached to is terminated. You can only specify this flag when the interface is being modified, not on creation.
- `description` (String) Optional description of the ENI.
- `device_index` (Number) The index of the device for the network interface attachment on the instance.
- `eni_id` (String) The ID of the ENI (to modify). If `eni_id=None` and `state=present`, a new ENI will be created.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_detach` (Boolean) Force detachment of the interface. This applies either when explicitly detaching the interface by setting `instance_id=None` or when deleting an interface with `state=absent`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID that you wish to attach ENI to.
- `name` (String) Name for the ENI. This will create a tag with the key `Name` and the value assigned here. This can be used in conjunction with `subnet_id` as another means of identifiying a network interface. AWS does not enforce unique `Name` tags, so duplicate names are possible if you configure it that way. If that is the case, you will need to provide other identifying information such as `private_ip_address` or `eni_id`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_ip_address` (String) Private IP address.
- `purge_secondary_private_ip_addresses` (Boolean) To be used with `secondary_private_ip_addresses` to determine whether or not to remove any secondary IP addresses other than those specified. Set `secondary_private_ip_addresses=[]` to purge all secondary addresses.
- `secondary_private_ip_address_count` (Number) The number of secondary IP addresses to assign to the network interface. This option is mutually exclusive of `secondary_private_ip_addresses`.
- `secondary_private_ip_addresses` (String) A list of IP addresses to assign as secondary IP addresses to the network interface. This option is mutually exclusive of `secondary_private_ip_address_count`.
- `security_groups` (String) List of security groups associated with the interface. Ignored when `state=absent`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_dest_check` (Boolean) By default, interfaces perform source/destination checks. NAT instances however need this check to be disabled. You can only specify this flag when the interface is being modified, not on creation.
- `state` (String) Create or delete ENI.
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of subnet in which to create the ENI.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `interface` (String) Network interface attributes.
