---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_elb_classic_lb Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_elb_classic_lb (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the ELB. The name of an ELB must be less than 32 characters and unique per-region per-account.
- `state` (String) Create or destroy the ELB.

### Optional

- `access_logs` (String) A dictionary of access logs configuration settings (see examples).
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connection_draining_timeout` (Number) Wait a specified timeout allowing connections to drain before terminating an instance. Set to `0` to disable connection draining.
- `cross_az_load_balancing` (Boolean) Distribute load across all configured Availability Zones. Defaults to `false`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `health_check` (String) A dictionary of health check configuration settings (see examples).
- `idle_timeout` (Number) ELB connections from clients and to servers are timed out after this amount of time.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `instance_ids` (String) List of instance ids to attach to this ELB.
- `listeners` (String) List of ports/protocols for this ELB to listen on (see examples). Required when `state=present` and the ELB doesn't exist.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_instance_ids` (Boolean) Purge existing instance ids on ELB that are not found in `instance_ids`.
- `purge_listeners` (Boolean) Purge existing listeners on ELB that are not found in listeners.
- `purge_subnets` (Boolean) Purge existing subnets on the ELB that are not found in `subnets`. Because it is not permitted to add multiple subnets from the same availability zone, subnets to be purged will be removed before new subnets are added. This may cause a brief outage if you try to replace all subnets at once.
- `purge_zones` (Boolean) Purge existing availability zones on ELB that are not found in `zones`.
- `scheme` (String) The scheme to use when creating the ELB. For a private VPC-visible ELB use `internal`. If you choose to update your scheme with a different value the ELB will be destroyed and a new ELB created. Defaults to `scheme=internet-facing`.
- `security_group_ids` (String) A list of security groups to apply to the ELB.
- `security_group_names` (String) A list of security group names to apply to the ELB.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `stickiness` (String) A dictionary of stickiness policy settings. Policy will be applied to all listeners (see examples).
- `subnets` (String) A list of VPC subnets to use when creating the ELB. Mutually exclusive with `zones`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) When creating, deleting, or adding instances to an ELB, if *wait=true* Ansible will wait for both the load balancer and related network interfaces to finish creating/deleting. Support for waiting when adding instances was added in release 2.1.0.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) Used in conjunction with wait. Number of seconds to wait for the ELB to be terminated. A maximum of 600 seconds (10 minutes) is allowed.
- `zones` (String) List of availability zones to enable on this ELB. Mutually exclusive with `subnets`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `elb` (String) Original boto-style Load Balancer attributes.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `load_balancer` (String) Boto3-style Load Balancer attributes.
