---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_s3_object Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_s3_object (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket` (String) Bucket name.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `mode` (String) Switches the module behaviour between `put`: upload `get`: download `geturl`: return download URL `getstr`: download object as string `list`: list keys `create`: create bucket directories `delobj`: delete object `copy`: copy object that is already stored in another bucket Support for creating and deleting buckets was removed in release 6.0.0. To create and manage the bucket itself please use the `amazon.aws.s3_bucket` module. Support for `list` has been deprecated and will be removed in a release after 2026-11-01. The `amazon.aws.s3_object_info` module should be used instead of `list`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `ceph` (Boolean) Enable API compatibility with Ceph RGW. It takes into account the S3 API subset working with Ceph in order to provide the same module behaviour where possible. Requires `endpoint_url` if `ceph=true`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content` (String) The content to `put` into an object. The parameter value will be treated as a string and converted to UTF-8 before sending it to S3. To send binary data, use the `content_base64` parameter instead. One of `content`, `content_base64` or `src` must be specified when `mode=put` otherwise ignored.
- `content_base64` (String) The base64-encoded binary data to `put` into an object. Use this if you need to put raw binary data, and don't forget to encode in base64. One of `content`, `content_base64` or `src` must be specified when `mode=put` otherwise ignored.
- `copy_src` (String) The source details of the object to copy. Required if `mode=copy`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dest` (String) The destination file path when downloading an object/key when `mode=get`. Ignored when `mode` is not `get`.
- `dualstack` (Boolean) Enables Amazon S3 Dual-Stack Endpoints, allowing S3 communications using both IPv4 and IPv6. Support for passing `dualstack` and `endpoint_url` at the same time has been deprecated, the dualstack endpoints are automatically configured using the configured `region`. Support will be removed in a release after 2024-12-01.
- `encrypt` (Boolean) Asks for server-side encryption of the objects when `mode=put` or `mode=copy`. Ignored when `mode` is neither `put` nor `copy`.
- `encryption_kms_key_id` (String) KMS key id to use when encrypting objects using `encryption_mode=aws:kms`. Ignored if `encryption_mode` is not `aws:kms`.
- `encryption_mode` (String) The encryption mode to use if `encrypt=true`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `expected_bucket_owner` (String) The account ID of the expected bucket owner. If the account ID that you provide does not match the actual owner of the bucket, the request fails with the HTTP status code 403 Forbidden (access denied).
- `expiry` (Number) Time limit (in seconds) for the URL generated and returned by S3/Walrus when performing a `mode=put` or `mode=geturl` operation. Ignored when `mode` is neither `put` nor `geturl`.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Custom headers to use when `mode=put` as a dictionary of key value pairs. Keys that match supported S3 object arguments are promoted to top‑level ExtraArgs. Supported keys include `ContentType`, `Content-Disposition`, `ContentEncoding`, `ContentLanguage`, `CacheControl`, `Expires`, `ACL`, `GrantFullControl`, `GrantRead`, `GrantReadACP`, `GrantWriteACP`, `StorageClass`, `ServerSideEncryption`, `SSECustomerAlgorithm`, `SSECustomerKey`, `SSECustomerKeyMD5`, `SSEKMSKeyId`, and `WebsiteRedirectLocation`. Remaining keys are stored under `Metadata`. Both header name styles `ContentType` and `Content-Type` are supported. Underscore variants like `content_type` are not promoted and will be placed under `Metadata`. If `ContentType` is not provided, a type is guessed from `src` when uploading from a file. When uploading using `content` or `content_base64` the default is `binary/octet-stream`. Ignored when `mode` is not `put`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_nonexistent_bucket` (Boolean) Overrides initial bucket lookups in case bucket or IAM policies are restrictive. This can be useful when a user may have the `GetObject` permission but no other permissions. In which case using `mode=get` will fail unless `ignore_nonexistent_bucket=true` is specified.
- `marker` (String) Specifies the key to start with when using list mode. Object keys are returned in alphabetical order, starting with key after the marker in order.
- `max_keys` (Number) Max number of results to return when `mode=list` When not set, **all** keys will be returned. Ignored when `mode` is not `list`.
- `metadata` (String) Metadata to use when `mode=copy`, `mode=create` or `mode=put` as a dictionary of key value pairs. Keys that match supported S3 object arguments are promoted to top‑level ExtraArgs (for example `ContentType`). Remaining keys are applied as user metadata under `Metadata`.
- `object` (String) Key name of the object inside the bucket. Can be used to create "virtual directories", see examples. Object key names should not include the leading `/`, see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/object-keys.html for more information. Support for passing the leading `/` has been deprecated and will be removed in a release after 2025-12-01.
- `overwrite` (String) Force overwrite either locally on the filesystem or remotely with the object/key. Used when `mode=put` or `mode=get`. Ignored when when `mode` is neither `put` nor `get`. Must be a Boolean, `always`, `never`, `different` or `latest`. `true` is the same as `always`. `false` is equal to `never`. When this is set to `different` the MD5 sum of the local file is compared with the 'ETag' of the object/key in S3.  The ETag may or may not be an MD5 digest of the object data. See the ETag response header here https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/RESTCommonResponseHeaders.html. When `mode=get` and `overwrite=latest` the last modified timestamp of local file is compared with the 'LastModified' of the object/key in S3.
- `permission` (String) This option lets the user set the canned permissions on the object/bucket that are created. The permissions that can be set are `private`, `public-read`, `public-read-write`, `authenticated-read` for a bucket or `private`, `public-read`, `public-read-write`, `aws-exec-read`, `authenticated-read`, `bucket-owner-read`, `bucket-owner-full-control` for an object. Multiple permissions can be specified as a list; although only the first one will be used during the initial upload of the file. For a full list of permissions see the AWS documentation https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/acl-overview.html#canned-acl.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prefix` (String) Limits the response to keys that begin with the specified prefix for list mode.
- `retries` (Number) On recoverable failure, how many times to retry before actually failing.
- `sig_v4` (Boolean) Forces the Boto SDK to use Signature Version 4. Only applies to get modes, `mode=get`, `mode=getstr`, `mode=geturl`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `src` (String) The source file path when performing a `put` operation. One of `content`, `content_base64` or `src` must be specified when `mode=put` otherwise ignored.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate_bucket_name` (Boolean) Whether the bucket name should be validated to conform to AWS S3 naming rules. On by default, this may be disabled for S3 backends that do not enforce these rules. See the Amazon documentation for more information about bucket naming rules https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/bucketnamingrules.html.
- `version` (String) Version ID of the object inside the bucket. Can be used to get a specific version of a file if versioning is enabled in the target bucket.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `contents` (String) Contents of the object as string.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Message indicating the status of the operation.
- `s3_keys` (String) List of object keys.
- `url` (String) URL of the object.
