---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_rds_snapshot_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_rds_snapshot_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `db_cluster_identifier` (String) RDS cluster name for which to find snapshots. Mutually exclusive with `db_snapshot_identifier`, `db_instance_identifier`, `db_cluster_snapshot_identifier`.
- `db_cluster_snapshot_identifier` (String) Name of an RDS cluster snapshot. Mutually exclusive with `db_instance_identifier`, `db_snapshot_identifier`, `db_cluster_identifier`.
- `db_instance_identifier` (String) RDS instance name for which to find snapshots. Mutually exclusive with `db_snapshot_identifier`, `db_cluster_identifier`, `db_cluster_snapshot_identifier`.
- `db_snapshot_identifier` (String) Name of an RDS (unclustered) snapshot. Mutually exclusive with `db_instance_identifier`, `db_cluster_identifier`, `db_cluster_snapshot_identifier`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot_type` (String) Type of snapshot to find. By default both automated and manual snapshots will be returned.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cluster_snapshots` (String) List of cluster snapshots.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `snapshots` (String) List of non-clustered snapshots.
