---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_s3_bucket_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_s3_bucket_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bucket_facts` (String) Retrieve requested S3 bucket detailed information. Each bucket_X option executes one API call, hence many options being set to `true` will cause slower module execution. You can limit buckets by using the `name` or `name_filter` option.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Name of bucket to query.
- `name_filter` (String) Limits buckets to only buckets who's name contain the string in `name_filter`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `transform_location` (Boolean) S3 bucket location for default us-east-1 is normally reported as `null`. Setting this option to `true` will return `us-east-1` instead. Affects only queries with `bucket_facts=true` and `bucket_facts.bucket_location=true`.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `buckets` (String) A list of S3 buckets.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
