---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_rds_cluster Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_rds_cluster (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `db_cluster_identifier` (String) The DB cluster (lowercase) identifier. The identifier must contain from 1 to 63 letters, numbers, or hyphens and the first character must be a letter and may not end in a hyphen or contain consecutive hyphens.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `allocated_storage` (Number) The amount of storage in gibibytes (GiB) to allocate to each DB instance in the Multi-AZ DB cluster. This setting is required to create a Multi-AZ DB cluster.
- `apply_immediately` (Boolean) A value that specifies whether modifying a cluster with `new_db_cluster_identifier` and `master_user_password` should be applied as soon as possible, regardless of the `preferred_maintenance_window` setting. If `false`, changes are applied during the next maintenance window.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `availability_zones` (String) A list of EC2 Availability Zones that instances in the DB cluster can be created in. May be used when creating a cluster or when restoring from S3 or a snapshot.
- `backtrack_to` (String) The timestamp of the time to backtrack the DB cluster to in ISO 8601 format, such as "2017-07-08T18:00Z".
- `backtrack_window` (Number) The target backtrack window, in seconds. To disable backtracking, set this value to `0`. If specified, this value must be set to a number from `0` to `259,200` (72 hours).
- `backup_retention_period` (Number) The number of days for which automated backups are retained (must be within `1` to `35`). May be used when creating a new cluster, when restoring from S3, or when modifying a cluster.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `character_set_name` (String) The character set to associate with the DB cluster.
- `copy_tags_to_snapshot` (Boolean) Indicates whether to copy all tags from the DB cluster to snapshots of the DB cluster. The default is not to copy them.
- `creation_source` (String) Which source to use if creating from a template (an existing cluster, S3 bucket, or snapshot).
- `database_name` (String) The name for your database. If a name is not provided Amazon RDS will not create a database.
- `db_cluster_instance_class` (String) The compute and memory capacity of each DB instance in the Multi-AZ DB cluster, for example `db.m6gd.xlarge`. Not all DB instance classes are available in all Amazon Web Services Regions, or for all database engines. For the full list of DB instance classes and availability for your engine visit https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Concepts.DBInstanceClass.html. This setting is required to create a Multi-AZ DB cluster.
- `db_cluster_parameter_group_name` (String) The name of the DB cluster parameter group to associate with this DB cluster. If this argument is omitted when creating a cluster, the default DB cluster parameter group for the specified DB engine and version is used.
- `db_subnet_group_name` (String) A DB subnet group to associate with this DB cluster if not using the default.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) A value that indicates whether the DB cluster has deletion protection enabled. The database can't be deleted when deletion protection is enabled. By default, deletion protection is disabled.
- `domain` (String) The Active Directory directory ID to create the DB cluster in.
- `domain_iam_role_name` (String) Specify the name of the IAM role to be used when making API calls to the Directory Service.
- `enable_cloudwatch_logs_exports` (String) A list of log types that need to be enabled for exporting to CloudWatch Logs. Engine aurora-mysql supports `audit`, `error`, `general` and `slowquery`. Engine aurora-postgresql supports `postgresql`.
- `enable_global_write_forwarding` (Boolean) A value that indicates whether to enable this DB cluster to forward write operations to the primary cluster of an Aurora global database. By default, write operations are not allowed on Aurora DB clusters that are secondary clusters in an Aurora global database. This value can be only set on Aurora DB clusters that are members of an Aurora global database.
- `enable_http_endpoint` (Boolean) A value that indicates whether to enable the HTTP endpoint for an Aurora Serverless DB cluster. By default, the HTTP endpoint is disabled.
- `enable_iam_database_authentication` (Boolean) Enable mapping of AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) accounts to database accounts. If this option is omitted when creating the cluster, Amazon RDS sets this to `false`.
- `engine` (String) The name of the database engine to be used for this DB cluster. This is required to create a cluster. The combinaison of *engine* and *engine_mode* may not be supported. See AWS documentation for details: [Amazon RDS Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/APIReference/API_CreateDBCluster.html). When `engine=mysql`, `allocated_storage`, `iops` and `db_cluster_instance_class` must also be specified. When *engine=postgres*, `allocated_storage`, `iops` and `db_cluster_instance_class` must also be specified. Support for `postgres` and `mysql` was added in amazon.aws 5.5.0.
- `engine_mode` (String) The DB engine mode of the DB cluster. The combination of `engine` and `engine_mode` may not be supported. See AWS documentation for details: [Amazon RDS Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/APIReference/API_CreateDBCluster.html).
- `engine_version` (String) The version number of the database engine to use. For Aurora MySQL that could be `5.6.10a`, `5.7.12`. Aurora PostgreSQL example, `9.6.3`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `final_snapshot_identifier` (String) The DB cluster snapshot identifier of the new DB cluster snapshot created when `skip_final_snapshot=false`.
- `force_backtrack` (Boolean) A boolean to indicate if the DB cluster should be forced to backtrack when binary logging is enabled. Otherwise, an error occurs when binary logging is enabled.
- `force_update_password` (Boolean) Set to `true` to update your cluster password with `master_user_password`. Since comparing passwords to determine if it needs to be updated is not possible this is set to `false` by default to allow idempotence.
- `global_cluster_identifier` (String) The global cluster ID of an Aurora cluster that becomes the primary cluster in the new global database cluster.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `iops` (Number) The amount of Provisioned IOPS (input/output operations per second) to be initially allocated for each DB instance in the Multi-AZ DB cluster. This setting is required to create a Multi-AZ DB cluster Must be a multiple between .5 and 50 of the storage amount for the DB cluster.
- `kms_key_id` (String) The AWS KMS key identifier (the ARN, unless you are creating a cluster in the same account that owns the KMS key, in which case the KMS key alias may be used). If `replication_source_identifier` specifies an encrypted source Amazon RDS will use the key used toe encrypt the source. If `storage_encrypted=true` and and `replication_source_identifier` is not provided, the default encryption key is used.
- `master_user_password` (String) An 8-41 character password for the master database user. The password can contain any printable ASCII character except `/`, `"`, or `@`. To modify the password use `force_update_password`. Use `apply_immediately` to change the password immediately, otherwise it is updated during the next maintenance window.
- `master_username` (String) The name of the master user for the DB cluster. Must be 1-16 letters or numbers and begin with a letter.
- `new_db_cluster_identifier` (String) The new DB cluster (lowercase) identifier for the DB cluster when renaming a DB cluster. The identifier must contain from 1 to 63 letters, numbers, or hyphens and the first character must be a letter and may not end in a hyphen or contain consecutive hyphens. Use `apply_immediately` to rename immediately, otherwise it is updated during the next maintenance window.
- `option_group_name` (String) The option group to associate with the DB cluster.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) The port number on which the instances in the DB cluster accept connections. If not specified, Amazon RDS defaults this to `3306` if the `engine` is `aurora` and `5432` if the `engine` is `aurora-postgresql`.
- `preferred_backup_window` (String) The daily time range (in UTC) of at least 30 minutes, during which automated backups are created if automated backups are enabled using `backup_retention_period`. The option must be in the format of "hh24:mi-hh24:mi" and not conflict with `preferred_maintenance_window`.
- `preferred_maintenance_window` (String) The weekly time range (in UTC) of at least 30 minutes, during which system maintenance can occur. The option must be in the format "ddd:hh24:mi-ddd:hh24:mi" where ddd is one of Mon, Tue, Wed, Thu, Fri, Sat, Sun.
- `promote` (Boolean) Set to `true` to promote a read replica cluster.
- `purge_cloudwatch_logs_exports` (Boolean) Whether or not to disable Cloudwatch logs enabled for the DB cluster that are not provided in `enable_cloudwatch_logs_exports`. Set `enable_cloudwatch_logs_exports` to an empty list to disable all.
- `purge_security_groups` (Boolean) Set to `false` to retain any enabled security groups that aren't specified in the task and are associated with the cluster. Can be applied to `vpc_security_group_ids`
- `remove_from_global_db` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the cluster will be removed from global DB. Parameters `global_cluster_identifier`, `db_cluster_identifier` must be specified when `remove_from_global_db=true`.
- `replication_source_identifier` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the source DB instance or DB cluster if this DB cluster is created as a Read Replica.
- `restore_to_time` (String) The UTC date and time to restore the DB cluster to. Must be in the format "2015-03-07T23:45:00Z". If this is not provided while restoring a cluster, `use_latest_restorable_time` must be. May not be specified if `restore_type` is copy-on-write.
- `restore_type` (String) The type of restore to be performed. If not provided, Amazon RDS uses full-copy.
- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role to associate with the Aurora DB cluster, for example "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/AuroraAccessRole"
- `s3_bucket_name` (String) The name of the Amazon S3 bucket that contains the data used to create the Amazon Aurora DB cluster.
- `s3_ingestion_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role that authorizes Amazon RDS to access the Amazon S3 bucket on your behalf.
- `s3_prefix` (String) The prefix for all of the file names that contain the data used to create the Amazon Aurora DB cluster. If you do not specify a SourceS3Prefix value, then the Amazon Aurora DB cluster is created by using all of the files in the Amazon S3 bucket.
- `serverless_v2_scaling_configuration` (String) Contains the scaling configuration of an Aurora Serverless v2 DB cluster.
- `skip_final_snapshot` (Boolean) Whether a final DB cluster snapshot is created before the DB cluster is deleted. If this is `false`, `final_snapshot_identifier` must be provided.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot_identifier` (String) The identifier for the DB snapshot or DB cluster snapshot to restore from. You can use either the name or the ARN to specify a DB cluster snapshot. However, you can use only the ARN to specify a DB snapshot.
- `source_db_cluster_identifier` (String) The identifier of the source DB cluster from which to restore.
- `source_engine` (String) The identifier for the database engine that was backed up to create the files stored in the Amazon S3 bucket.
- `source_engine_version` (String) The version of the database that the backup files were created from.
- `source_region` (String) The ID of the region that contains the source for the DB cluster.
- `state` (String) Whether the snapshot should exist or not. `started` and `stopped` can only be used with aurora clusters. Support for `started` and `stopped` was added in release 6.3.0.
- `storage_encrypted` (Boolean) Whether the DB cluster is encrypted.
- `storage_type` (String) Specifies the storage type to be associated with the DB cluster. This setting is required to create a Multi-AZ DB cluster. For multi-AZ DB clusters, `storage_type` defaults to `io1` and a value for the `iops` parameter is required. For Aurora DB clusters, `storage_type` defaults to `aurora` standard. For mysql and postgres DB clusters, `storage_type` defaults to `io1`. Support for `aurora` and `aurora-iopt1` was added in release 8.2.0.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_earliest_time_on_point_in_time_unavailable` (Boolean) If `backtrack_to` is set to a timestamp earlier than the earliest backtrack time, this value backtracks the DB cluster to the earliest possible backtrack time. Otherwise, an error occurs.
- `use_latest_restorable_time` (Boolean) Whether to restore the DB cluster to the latest restorable backup time. Only one of `use_latest_restorable_time` and `restore_to_time` may be provided.
- `vpc_security_group_ids` (String) A list of EC2 VPC security groups to associate with the DB cluster.
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether to wait for the cluster to be available or deleted.

### Read-Only

- `activity_stream_status` (String) The status of the database activity stream.
- `associated_roles` (String) A list of dictionaries of the AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles that are associated with the DB cluster. Each dictionary contains the role_arn and the status of the role.
- `auto_minor_version_upgrade` (Boolean) Specifies whether minor engine upgrades are applied automatically to the DB cluster during the maintenance window.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cluster_create_time` (String) The time in UTC when the DB cluster was created.
- `cross_account_clone` (Boolean) Specifies whether the DB cluster is a clone of a DB cluster owned by a different Amazon Web Services account.
- `db_cluster_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the DB cluster.
- `db_cluster_members` (String) A list of dictionaries containing information about the instances in the cluster. Each dictionary contains the db_instance_identifier, is_cluster_writer (bool), db_cluster_parameter_group_status, and promotion_tier (int).
- `db_cluster_parameter_group` (String) The parameter group associated with the DB cluster.
- `db_cluster_resource_id` (String) The AWS Region-unique, immutable identifier for the DB cluster.
- `db_subnet_group` (String) The name of the subnet group associated with the DB Cluster.
- `domain_memberships` (String) The Active Directory Domain membership records associated with the DB cluster.
- `earliest_restorable_time` (String) The earliest time to which a database can be restored with point-in-time restore.
- `endpoint` (String) The connection endpoint for the primary instance of the DB cluster.
- `hosted_zone_id` (String) The ID that Amazon Route 53 assigns when you create a hosted zone.
- `http_endpoint_enabled` (Boolean) A value that indicates whether the HTTP endpoint for an Aurora Serverless DB cluster is enabled.
- `iam_database_authentication_enabled` (Boolean) Whether IAM accounts may be mapped to database accounts.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `latest_restorable_time` (String) The latest time to which a database can be restored with point-in-time restore.
- `multi_az` (Boolean) Whether the DB cluster has instances in multiple availability zones.
- `read_replica_identifiers` (String) A list of read replica ID strings associated with the DB cluster.
- `reader_endpoint` (String) The reader endpoint for the DB cluster.
- `status` (String) The status of the DB cluster.
- `tag_list` (String) A list of tags consisting of key-value pairs.
- `vpc_security_groups` (String) A list of the DB cluster's security groups and their status.
