---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_vpc_nat_gateway Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_vpc_nat_gateway (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `allocation_id` (String) The id of the elastic IP allocation. If this is not passed and the eip_address is not passed. An EIP is generated for this NAT Gateway.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client_token` (String) Optional unique token to be used during create to ensure idempotency. When specifying this option, ensure you specify the eip_address parameter as well otherwise any subsequent runs will fail.
- `connectivity_type` (String) Indicates whether the NAT gateway supports public or private connectivity.
- `default_create` (Boolean) When `default_create=true` and `eip_address` has been set, but not yet allocated, the NAT gateway is created and a new EIP is automatically allocated. When `default_create=false` and `eip_address` has been set, but not yet allocated, the module will fail. If `eip_address` has not been set, this parameter has no effect.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `eip_address` (String) The elastic IP address of the EIP you want attached to this NAT Gateway. If this is not passed and the `allocation_id` is not passed, an EIP is generated for this NAT Gateway.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `if_exist_do_not_create` (Boolean) If a NAT Gateway exists already in the `subnet_id`, then do not create a new one.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `nat_gateway_id` (String) The id AWS dynamically allocates to the NAT Gateway on creation. This is required when the absent option is present.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `release_eip` (Boolean) Deallocate the EIP from the VPC. Option is only valid with the absent state. You should use this with the wait option. Since you can not release an address while a delete operation is happening.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Ensure NAT Gateway is present or absent.
- `subnet_id` (String) The id of the subnet to create the NAT Gateway in. This is required with the present option.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait for operation to complete before returning.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How many seconds to wait for an operation to complete before timing out.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `create_time` (String) The ISO 8601 date time format in UTC.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `nat_gateway_addresses` (String) List of dictionaries containing the public_ip, network_interface_id, private_ip, and allocation_id.
- `vpc_id` (String) Id of the VPC.
