---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_ami Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_ami (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `architecture` (String) The target architecture of the image to register.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `billing_products` (String) A list of valid billing codes. To be used with valid accounts by AWS Marketplace vendors.
- `boot_mode` (String) The boot mode of the AMI. See the AWS documentation for more detail https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ami-boot.html. Support for `uefi-preferred` was added in release 8.2.0.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_snapshot` (Boolean) Delete snapshots when deregistering the AMI.
- `description` (String) Human-readable string describing the contents and purpose of the AMI.
- `device_mapping` (String) List of device hashes/dictionaries with custom configurations (same block-device-mapping parameters).
- `enhanced_networking` (Boolean) A boolean representing whether enhanced networking with ENA is enabled or not.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `image_id` (String) Image ID to be deregistered.
- `image_location` (String) The S3 location of an image to use for the AMI.
- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID to create the AMI from.
- `kernel_id` (String) The target kernel id of the image to register.
- `launch_permissions` (String) Launch permissions for the AMI. You must pass all desired launch permissions if you wish to modify existing launch permissions (passing just groups will remove all users).
- `name` (String) The name of the new AMI.
- `no_reboot` (Boolean) Flag indicating that the bundling process should not attempt to shutdown the instance before bundling. If this flag is `true`, the responsibility of maintaining file system integrity is left to the owner of the instance.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `ramdisk_id` (String) The ID of the RAM disk.
- `root_device_name` (String) The root device name of the image to register.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sriov_net_support` (String) Set to simple to enable enhanced networking with the Intel 82599 Virtual Function interface for the AMI and any instances that you launch from the AMI.
- `state` (String) Register or deregister an AMI.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tpm_support` (String) Set to `v2.0` to enable Trusted Platform Module (TPM) support. If the image is configured for NitroTPM support, the value is `v2.0`. Requires `boot_mode` to be set to `uefi`. Requires an instance type that is compatible with Nitro. See the AWS documentation for more detail https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/nitrotpm.html.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uefi_data` (String) Base64 representation of the non-volatile UEFI variable store. See the AWS documentation for more detail https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/uefi-secure-boot.html.
- `virtualization_type` (String) The virtualization type of the image to register.
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait for the AMI to be in state 'available' before returning.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long before wait gives up, in seconds.

### Read-Only

- `block_device_mapping` (String) Block device mapping associated with image.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creationDate` (String) Creation date of image.
- `hypervisor` (String) Type of hypervisor.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `image_owner_alias` (String) The owner alias ( amazon | aws-marketplace).
- `image_type` (String) Type of image.
- `is_public` (Boolean) Whether image is public.
- `launch_permission` (String) Permissions allowing other accounts to access the AMI.
- `location` (String) Location of image.
- `ownerId` (String) Owner of image.
- `platform` (String) Platform of image.
- `product_codes` (String) Any product codes associated with the AMI.
- `root_device_type` (String) Root device type of image.
- `snapshots_deleted` (String) A list of snapshot ids deleted after deregistering image.
- `state_reason` (String) The reason for the state change.
