---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_kms_key_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_kms_key_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `alias` (String) Alias for key. Mutually exclusive with `key_id` and `filters`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filters` (String) A dict of filters to apply. Each dict item consists of a filter key and a filter value. The filters aren't natively supported by boto3, but are supported to provide similar functionality to other modules. Standard tag filters (`tag-key`, `tag-value` and `tag:tagName`) are available, as are `key-id` and `alias` Mutually exclusive with `alias` and `key_id`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key_id` (String) Key ID or ARN of the key. Mutually exclusive with `alias` and `filters`.
- `pending_deletion` (Boolean) Whether to get full details (tags, grants etc.) of keys pending deletion.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `kms_keys` (String) List of keys.
