---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_lambda_layer Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_lambda_layer (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name or Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Lambda layer.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `compatible_architectures` (String) A list of compatible instruction set architectures. For example, x86_64. Mutually exclusive with `version`.
- `compatible_runtimes` (String) A list of compatible function runtimes. Ignored when `state=absent`. Mutually exclusive with `version`.
- `content` (String) The function layer archive. Required when `state=present`. Ignored when `state=absent`. Mutually exclusive with o(version).
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the version. Ignored when `state=absent`. Mutually exclusive with `version`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `license_info` (String) The layer's software license. It can be any of an SPDX license identifier, the URL of a license hosted on the internet or the full text of the license. Ignored when `state=absent`. Mutually exclusive with `version`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Determines if an Lambda layer should be created, or deleted. When set to `present`, an Lambda layer version will be created. If set to `absent`, an existing Lambda layer version will be deleted.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `version` (Number) The version number of the layer to delete. Set to `-1` to delete all versions for the specified layer name. Required when `state=absent`. Ignored when `state=present`. Mutually exclusive with `description`, `content`, `compatible_runtimes`, `license_info`, `compatible_architectures`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `layer_version` (String) Info about the layer version that was created or deleted.
