---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_iam_password_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_iam_password_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) Specifies the overall state of the password policy.

### Optional

- `allow_pw_change` (Boolean) Allow users to change their password.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `min_pw_length` (Number) Minimum password length.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pw_expire` (Boolean) Prevents users from change an expired password.
- `pw_max_age` (Number) Maximum age for a password in days. When this option is 0 then passwords do not expire automatically.
- `pw_reuse_prevent` (Number) Prevent re-use of passwords.
- `require_lowercase` (Boolean) Require lowercase letters in password.
- `require_numbers` (Boolean) Require numbers in password.
- `require_symbols` (Boolean) Require symbols in password.
- `require_uppercase` (Boolean) Require uppercase letters in password.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
