---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_route53_health_check Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_route53_health_check (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `child_health_checks` (String) The child health checks used for a calculated health check. This parameter takes in the child health checks ids.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Stops Route 53 from performing health checks. See the AWS documentation for more details on the exact implications. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/health-checks-creating-values.html Defaults to `true` when creating a new health check.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `failure_threshold` (Number) The number of consecutive health checks that an endpoint must pass or fail for Amazon Route 53 to change the current status of the endpoint from unhealthy to healthy or vice versa. Will default to `3` if not specified on creation.
- `fqdn` (String) Domain name of the endpoint to check. Either this or `ip_address` has to be provided. When both are given the `fqdn` is used in the `Host:` header of the HTTP request.
- `health_check_id` (String) ID of the health check to be update or deleted. If provided, a health check can be updated or deleted based on the ID as unique identifier.
- `health_check_name` (String) Name of the Health Check. Used together with `use_unique_names` to set/make use of `health_check_name` as a unique identifier.
- `health_threshold` (Number) The minimum number of healthy child health checks for a calculated health check to be considered healthy.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_address` (String) IP address of the end-point to check. Either this or `fqdn` has to be provided. IP addresses must be publicly routable.
- `measure_latency` (Boolean) To enable/disable latency graphs to monitor the latency between health checkers in multiple Amazon Web Services regions and your endpoint. Value of `measure_latency` is immutable and can not be modified after creating a health check. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/monitoring-health-check-latency.html
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) The port on the endpoint on which you want Amazon Route 53 to perform health checks. Required for TCP checks.
- `request_interval` (Number) The number of seconds between the time that Amazon Route 53 gets a response from your endpoint and the time that it sends the next health check request.
- `resource_path` (String) The path that you want Amazon Route 53 to request when performing health checks. The path can be any value for which your endpoint will return an HTTP status code of 2xx or 3xx when the endpoint is healthy, for example the file /docs/route53-health-check.html. Mutually exclusive with `type='TCP'`. The path must begin with a / Maximum 255 characters.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specifies the action to take.
- `string_match` (String) If the check type is HTTP_STR_MATCH or HTTP_STR_MATCH, the string that you want Amazon Route 53 to search for in the response body from the specified resource. If the string appears in the first 5120 bytes of the response body, Amazon Route 53 considers the resource healthy.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The type of health check that you want to create, which indicates how Amazon Route 53 determines whether an endpoint is healthy. Once health check is created, type can not be changed. The `CALCULATED` choice was added in 6.3.0.
- `use_unique_names` (Boolean) Used together with `health_check_name` to set/make use of `health_check_name` as a unique identifier.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `health_check` (String) Information about the health check.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
