---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_eip Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_eip (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `allow_reassociation` (Boolean) Specify this option to allow an Elastic IP address that is already associated with another network interface or instance to be re-associated with the specified instance or interface.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device_id` (String) The id of the device for the EIP. Can be an EC2 Instance id or Elastic Network Interface (ENI) id. When specifying an ENI id, `in_vpc` must be `true`. The `instance_id` alias was removed in release 6.0.0.
- `domain_name` (String) The domain name to attach to the IP address.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `in_vpc` (Boolean) Allocate an EIP inside a VPC or not. Required if specifying an ENI with `device_id`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_ip_address` (String) The primary or secondary private IP address to associate with the Elastic IP address.
- `public_ip` (String) The IP address of a previously allocated EIP. When `state=present` and device is specified, the EIP is associated with the device. When `state=absent` and device is specified, the EIP is disassociated from the device.
- `public_ipv4_pool` (String) Allocates the new Elastic IP from the provided public IPv4 pool (BYOIP) only applies to newly allocated Elastic IPs, isn't validated when `reuse_existing_ip_allowed=true`.
- `release_on_disassociation` (Boolean) Whether or not to automatically release the EIP when it is disassociated.
- `reuse_existing_ip_allowed` (Boolean) Reuse an EIP that is not associated to a device (when available), instead of allocating a new one.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `state=present`, allocate an EIP or associate an existing EIP with a device. When `state=absent`, disassociate the EIP from the device and optionally release it.
- `tag_name` (String) When `reuse_existing_ip_allowed=true`, supplement with this option to only reuse an Elastic IP if it is tagged with `tag_name`.
- `tag_value` (String) Supplements `tag_name` but also checks that the value of the tag provided in `tag_name` matches `tag_value`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `allocation_id` (String) Allocation id of the elastic ip.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `update_reverse_dns_record_result` (String) Information about result of update reverse dns record operation.
