---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_instance Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_instance (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `aap_callback` (String) Preconfigured user-data to enable an instance to perform an Ansible Automation Platform callback (Linux only). For Windows instances, to enable remote access via Ansible set `aap_callback.windows` to `true`, and optionally set an admin password. If using `aap_callback.windows` and `aap_callback.set_password`, callback to Ansible Automation Platform will not be performed but the instance will be ready to receive winrm connections from Ansible. Mutually exclusive with `user_data`.
- `additional_info` (String) Reserved for Amazon's internal use.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `availability_zone` (String) Specify an availability zone to use the default subnet it. Useful if not specifying the `vpc_subnet_id` parameter. If no subnet, ENI, or availability zone is provided, the default subnet in the default VPC will be used in the first AZ (alphabetically sorted).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `count` (Number) Number of instances to launch. Setting this value will result in always launching new instances. Mutually exclusive with `exact_count`.
- `cpu_credit_specification` (String) For T series instances, choose whether to allow increased charges to buy CPU credits if the default pool is depleted. Choose `unlimited` to enable buying additional CPU credits.
- `cpu_options` (String) Reduce the number of vCPU exposed to the instance. Those parameters can only be set at instance launch. The two suboptions `cpu_options.threads_per_core` and  `cpu_options.core_count` are mandatory. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/instance-optimize-cpu.html for combinations available.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `detailed_monitoring` (Boolean) Whether to allow detailed CloudWatch metrics to be collected, enabling more detailed alerting.
- `ebs_optimized` (Boolean) Whether instance is should use optimized EBS volumes, see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/EBSOptimized.html.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `exact_count` (Number) An integer value which indicates how many instances that match the `filters` parameter should be running. Instances are either created or terminated based on this value. If termination takes place, least recently created instances will be terminated based on Launch Time. Mutually exclusive with `count`, `instance_ids`.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filters` (String) A dict of filters to apply when deciding whether existing instances match and should be altered. Each dict item consists of a filter key and a filter value. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_DescribeInstances.html. for possible filters. Filter names and values are case sensitive. By default, instances are filtered for counting by their "Name" tag, base AMI, state (running, by default), and subnet ID. Any queryable filter can be used. Good candidates are specific tags, SSH keys, or security groups.
- `hibernation_options` (Boolean) Indicates whether an instance is enabled for hibernation. Refer https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/hibernating-prerequisites.html for Hibernation prerequisits.
- `iam_instance_profile` (String) The ARN or name of an EC2-enabled IAM instance profile to be used. If a name is not provided in ARN format then the ListInstanceProfiles permission must also be granted. https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/APIReference/API_ListInstanceProfiles.html If no full ARN is provided, the role with a matching name will be used from the active AWS account.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `image` (String) An image to use for the instance. The `amazon.aws.ec2_ami_info` module may be used to retrieve images. One of `image` or `image_id` are required when instance is not already present.
- `image_id` (String) *ami* ID to use for the instance. One of `image` or `image_id` are required when instance is not already present. This is an alias for `image.id`.
- `instance_ids` (String) If you specify one or more instance IDs, only instances that have the specified IDs are returned. Mutually exclusive with `exact_count`.
- `instance_initiated_shutdown_behavior` (String) Whether to stop or terminate an instance upon shutdown.
- `instance_type` (String) Instance type to use for the instance, see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/instance-types.html. At least one of `instance_type` or `launch_template` must be specificed when launching an instance. When the instance is present and the `instance_type` specified value is different from the current value, the instance will be stopped and the instance type will be updated.
- `key_name` (String) Name of the SSH access key to assign to the instance - must exist in the region the instance is created. Use `amazon.aws.ec2_key` to manage SSH keys.
- `launch_template` (String) The EC2 launch template to base instance configuration on. At least one of `instance_type` or `launch_template` must be specificed when launching an instance.
- `license_specifications` (String) The license specifications to be used for the instance.
- `metadata_options` (String) Modify the metadata options for the instance. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-instance-metadata.html for more information. The two suboptions `metadata_options.http_endpoint` and `metadata_options.http_tokens` are supported.
- `name` (String) The Name tag for the instance.
- `network` (String) Either a dictionary containing the key `interfaces` corresponding to a list of network interface IDs or containing specifications for a single network interface. Use the `amazon.aws.ec2_eni` module to create ENIs with special settings. This field is deprecated and will be removed in a release after 2026-12-01, use `network_interfaces` or `network_interfaces_ids` instead. Mutually exclusive with `network_interfaces`. Mutually exclusive with `network_interfaces_ids`. If used along with `vpc_subnet_id`, `vpc_subnet_id`  is used as a fallback to prevent errors when `network.subnet_id` is not specified.
- `network_interfaces` (String) A list of dictionaries containing specifications for network interfaces. Use the `amazon.aws.ec2_eni` module to create ENIs with special settings. Mutually exclusive with `network`.
- `network_interfaces_ids` (String) A list of ENI ids to attach to the instance. Mutually exclusive with `network`. Mutually exclusive with `security_group`. Mutually exclusive with `security_groups`.
- `placement` (String) The location where the instance launched, if applicable.
- `placement_group` (String) The placement group that needs to be assigned to the instance. This field is deprecated and will be removed in a release after 2025-12-01, use `placement` instead.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `security_group` (String) A security group ID or name. Mutually exclusive with `security_groups`. Mutually exclusive with `network_interfaces_ids`.
- `security_groups` (String) A list of security group IDs or names (strings). Mutually exclusive with `security_group`. Mutually exclusive with `network_interfaces_ids`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_dest_check` (Boolean) Controls whether source/destination checking is enabled on the interface.
- `state` (String) Goal state for the instances. `state=present`: ensures instances exist, but does not guarantee any state (e.g. running). Newly-launched instances will be run by EC2. `state=running`: `state=present` + ensures the instances are running. `state=started`: `state=running` + waits for EC2 status checks to report OK if `wait=true`. `state=stopped`: ensures an existing instance is stopped. `state=rebooted`: convenience alias for `state=stopped` immediately followed by `state=running`. `state=restarted`: convenience alias for `state=stopped` immediately followed by `state=started`. `state=terminated`: ensures an existing instance is terminated. `state=absent`: alias for `state=terminated`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tenancy` (String) What type of tenancy to allow an instance to use. Default is `shared` tenancy. Dedicated tenancy will incur additional charges. This field is deprecated and will be removed in a release after 2025-12-01, use `placement` instead.
- `termination_protection` (Boolean) Whether to enable termination protection. This module will not terminate an instance with termination protection active, it must be turned off first.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_data` (String) Opaque blob of data which is made available to the EC2 instance.
- `volumes` (String) A list of block device mappings, by default this will always use the AMI root device so the volumes option is primarily for adding more storage. A mapping contains the (optional) keys `device_name`, `virtual_name`, `ebs.volume_type`, `ebs.volume_size`, `ebs.kms_key_id`, `ebs.snapshot_id`, `ebs.iops`, and `ebs.delete_on_termination`. For more information about each parameter, see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/APIReference/API_BlockDeviceMapping.html.
- `vpc_subnet_id` (String) The subnet ID in which to launch the instance (VPC). If none is provided, `amazon.aws.ec2_instance` will chose the default zone of the default VPC. If used along with `network`, `vpc_subnet_id` is used as a fallback to prevent errors when `network.subnet_id` is not specified.
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether or not to wait for the desired `state` (use `wait_timeout` to customize this).
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long to wait (in seconds) for the instance to finish booting/terminating.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `changed_ids` (String) A list of the set of EC2 instance IDs changed by the module action.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `instances` (String) A list of EC2 instances.
- `terminated_ids` (String) A list of the set of EC2 instance IDs terminated by the module action.
