---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_vpc_endpoint Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_vpc_endpoint (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client_token` (String) Optional client token to ensure idempotency.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `policy` (String) A properly formatted JSON policy as string, see https://github.com/ansible/ansible/issues/7005#issuecomment-42894813. Option when creating an endpoint. If not provided AWS will utilise a default policy which provides full access to the service.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `route_table_ids` (String) List of one or more route table IDs to attach to the endpoint. A route is added to the route table with the destination of the endpoint if provided. Route table IDs are only valid for Gateway endpoints.
- `service` (String) An AWS supported VPC endpoint service. Use the `amazon.aws.ec2_vpc_endpoint_info` module to describe the supported endpoint services. Required when creating an endpoint.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `present` to ensure resource is created. `absent` to remove resource.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vpc_endpoint_id` (String) One or more VPC endpoint IDs to remove from the AWS account. Required if `state=absent`.
- `vpc_endpoint_security_groups` (String) The list of security groups to attach to the endpoint. Requires `vpc_endpoint_type=GatewayLoadBalancer` or `vpc_endpoint_type=Interface`.
- `vpc_endpoint_subnets` (String) The list of subnets to attach to the endpoint. Requires `vpc_endpoint_type=GatewayLoadBalancer` or `vpc_endpoint_type=Interface`.
- `vpc_endpoint_type` (String) The type of endpoint.
- `vpc_id` (String) Required when creating a VPC endpoint.
- `wait` (Boolean) When specified, will wait for status to reach available for `state=present`. Unfortunately this is ignored for delete actions due to a difference in behaviour from AWS.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) Used in conjunction with `wait`. Number of seconds to wait for status. Unfortunately this is ignored for delete actions due to a difference in behaviour from AWS.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `endpoints` (String) The resulting endpoints from the module call.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
