---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_cloudwatchevent_rule Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_cloudwatchevent_rule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the rule you are creating, updating or deleting. No spaces or special characters allowed (i.e. must match `[\.\-_A-Za-z0-9]+`).

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A description of the rule.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `event_pattern` (String) A string pattern that is used to match against incoming events to determine if the rule should be triggered.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role associated with the rule.
- `schedule_expression` (String) A cron or rate expression that defines the schedule the rule will trigger on. For example, `cron(0 20 * * ? *`), `rate(5 minutes`).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the rule is present (and enabled), disabled, or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `targets` (String) A list of targets to add to or update for the rule.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `rule` (String) CloudWatch Event rule data.
