---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_lambda_execute Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_lambda_execute (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dry_run` (Boolean) Do not *actually* invoke the function. A `DryRun` call will check that the caller has permissions to call the function, especially for checking cross-account permissions.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `function_arn` (String) The name of the function to be invoked
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The name of the function to be invoked. This can only be used for invocations within the calling account. To invoke a function in another account, use `function_arn` to specify the full ARN.
- `payload` (String) A dictionary in any form to be provided as input to the Lambda function.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tail_log` (Boolean) If `tail_log=true`, the result of the task will include the last 4 KB of the CloudWatch log for the function execution. Log tailing only works if you use synchronous invocation `wait=true`. This is usually used for development or testing Lambdas.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `version_qualifier` (String) Which version/alias of the function to run. This defaults to the `LATEST` revision, but can be set to any existing version or alias. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/versioning-aliases.html for details.
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether to wait for the function results or not. If `wait=no` the task will not return any results. To wait for the Lambda function to complete, set `wait=true` and the result will be available in the *output* key.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) Resulting data structure from a successful task execution.
