---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_security_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_security_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the security group. Required when `state` is `present`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `group_id` (String) Id of group to delete (works only with absent). One of and only one of `name` or `group_id` is required.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Name of the security group. One of and only one of `name` or `group_id` is required. Required if `state=present`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_rules` (Boolean) Purge existing rules on security group that are not found in rules.
- `purge_rules_egress` (Boolean) Purge existing rules_egress on security group that are not found in rules_egress.
- `rules` (String) List of firewall inbound rules to enforce in this group (see example). If none are supplied, no inbound rules will be enabled. Rules list may include its own name in `rules.group_name`. This allows idempotent loopback additions (e.g. allow group to access itself).
- `rules_egress` (String) List of firewall outbound rules to enforce in this group (see example). If none are supplied, a default all-out rule is assumed. If an empty list is supplied, no outbound rules will be enabled.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or delete a security group.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vpc_id` (String) ID of the VPC to create the group in.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `group_name` (String) Security group name.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `ip_permissions` (String) The inbound rules associated with the security group.
- `ip_permissions_egress` (String) The outbound rules associated with the security group.
- `owner_id` (Number) AWS Account ID of the security group.
