---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_route53_zone Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_route53_zone (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `zone` (String) The DNS zone record (eg: foo.com.)

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Comment associated with the zone.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delegation_set_id` (String) The reusable delegation set ID to be associated with the zone. Note that you can't associate a reusable delegation set with a private hosted zone.
- `dnssec` (Boolean) Enables DNSSEC signing in a specific hosted zone.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hosted_zone_id` (String) The unique zone identifier you want to delete or "all" if there are many zones with the same domain name. Required if there are multiple zones identified with the above options.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether or not the zone should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC ID the zone should be a part of (if this is going to be a private zone).
- `vpc_region` (String) The VPC Region the zone should be a part of (if this is going to be a private zone).
- `vpcs` (String) The VPCs the zone should be a part of (if this is going to be a private zone).

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `name` (String) Hosted zone name.
- `private_zone` (Boolean) Whether hosted zone is private or public.
- `zone_id` (String) Hosted zone id.
