---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_vpc_dhcp_option Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_vpc_dhcp_option (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_old` (Boolean) Whether to delete the old VPC DHCP option set when associating a new one. This is primarily useful for debugging/development purposes when you want to quickly roll back to the old option set. Note that this setting will be ignored, and the old DHCP option set will be preserved, if it is in use by any other VPC. (Otherwise, AWS will return an error.)
- `dhcp_options_id` (String) The resource_id of an existing DHCP options set. If this is specified, then it will override other settings, except tags (which will be updated to match)
- `dns_servers` (String) A list of IP addresses to set the DNS servers for the VPC to.
- `domain_name` (String) The domain name to set in the DHCP option sets.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `inherit_existing` (Boolean) For any DHCP options not specified in these parameters, whether to inherit them from the options set already applied to `vpc_id`, or to reset them to be empty.
- `netbios_name_servers` (String) List of hosts to advertise as NetBIOS servers.
- `netbios_node_type` (Number) NetBIOS node type to advertise in the DHCP options. The AWS recommendation is to use 2 (when using netbios name services) https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonVPC/latest/UserGuide/VPC_DHCP_Options.html
- `ntp_servers` (String) List of hosts to advertise as NTP servers for the VPC.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) create/assign or remove the DHCP options. If state is set to absent, then a DHCP options set matched either by id, or tags and options will be removed if possible.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID to associate with the requested DHCP option set. If no VPC ID is provided, and no matching option set is found then a new DHCP option set is created.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dhcp_config` (String) The boto2-style DHCP options created, associated or found. This return value has been deprecated and will be removed in a release after 2026-12-01. Use R`dhcp_options` instead.
- `dhcp_options` (String) The DHCP options created, associated or found
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
