---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_vpc_igw Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_vpc_igw (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `detach_vpc` (Boolean) Remove attached VPC from gateway.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_attach` (Boolean) Force attaching VPC to `vpc_id`. Setting this option to true will detach an existing VPC attachment and attach to the supplied `vpc_id`. Ignored when `state=absent`. `vpc_id` must be specified when `force_attach=true`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `internet_gateway_id` (String) The ID of Internet Gateway to manage.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or terminate the IGW.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC ID for the VPC to attach (when `state=present`). VPC ID can also be provided to find the internet gateway to manage that the VPC is attached to.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `gateway_id` (String) The unique identifier for the Internet Gateway.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
