---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_rds_option_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_rds_option_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `option_group_name` (String) Specifies the name of the option group to be created.
- `state` (String) Specifies whether the option group should be `present` or `absent`.

### Optional

- `apply_immediately` (Boolean) Indicates whether the changes should be applied immediately, or during the next maintenance window.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `engine_name` (String) Specifies the name of the engine that this option group should be associated with.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `major_engine_version` (String) Specifies the major version of the engine that this option group should be associated with.
- `option_group_description` (String) The description of the option group.
- `options` (String) Options in this list are added to the option group. If already present, the specified configuration is used to update the existing configuration. If none are supplied, any existing options are removed.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether to wait for the cluster to be available or deleted.

### Read-Only

- `allows_vpc_and_non_vpc_instance_memberships` (Boolean) Indicates whether this option group can be applied to both VPC and non-VPC instances.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `option_group_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the option group.
- `vpc_id` (String) If present, this option group can only be applied to instances that are in the VPC indicated by this field.
