---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_vol Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_vol (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_on_termination` (Boolean) When set to `true`, the volume will be deleted upon instance termination.
- `device_name` (String) Device ID to override device mapping. Assumes /dev/sdf for Linux/UNIX and /dev/xvdf for Windows.
- `encrypted` (Boolean) Enable encryption at rest for this volume.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `instance` (String) Instance ID if you wish to attach the volume. Set to `None` to detach the volume.
- `iops` (Number) The provisioned IOPs you want to associate with this volume (integer).
- `kms_key_id` (String) Specify the ID of the KMS key to use.
- `modify_volume` (Boolean) The volume won't be modified unless this key is `true`.
- `multi_attach` (Boolean) If set to `true`, Multi-Attach will be enabled when creating the volume. When you create a new volume, Multi-Attach is disabled by default. This parameter is supported with io1 and io2 volumes only.
- `name` (String) Volume Name tag if you wish to attach an existing volume (requires instance).
- `outpost_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Outpost. If set, allows to create volume in an Outpost.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot` (String) Snapshot ID on which to base the volume.
- `state` (String) Whether to ensure the volume is present or absent. `state=list` was deprecated in release 1.1.0 and is no longer available with release 4.0.0. The `list` functionality has been moved to a dedicated module `amazon.aws.ec2_vol_info`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `throughput` (Number) Volume throughput in MB/s. This parameter is only valid for gp3 volumes. Valid range is from 125 to 2000.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `volume_size` (Number) Size of volume (in GiB) to create.
- `volume_type` (String) Type of EBS volume; `standard` (magnetic), `gp2` (SSD), `gp3` (SSD), `io1` (Provisioned IOPS), `io2` (Provisioned IOPS), `st1` (Throughput Optimized HDD), `sc1` (Cold HDD). `standard` is the old EBS default and continues to remain the Ansible default for backwards compatibility.
- `zone` (String) Zone in which to create the volume, if unset uses the zone the instance is in (if set).

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `device` (String) Device name of attached volume.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `volume` (String) A dictionary containing detailed attributes of the volume.
- `volume_id` (String) The id of volume.
