---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_s3_bucket Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_s3_bucket (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the S3 bucket.

### Optional

- `accelerate_enabled` (Boolean) Enables Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration, sent data will be routed to Amazon S3 over an optimized network path. Transfer Acceleration is not available in AWS GovCloud (US). See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/govcloud-us/latest/UserGuide/govcloud-s3.html#govcloud-S3-diffs.
- `acl` (String) The canned ACL to apply to the bucket. If your bucket uses the bucket owner enforced setting for S3 Object Ownership, ACLs are disabled and no longer affect permissions. If `public_access.ignore_public_acls=true` setting `acl` to a value other than `private` may return success but not have an affect.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bucket_key_enabled` (Boolean) Enable S3 Bucket Keys for SSE-KMS on new objects. See the AWS documentation for more information https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/bucket-key.html. Bucket Key encryption is only supported if `encryption=aws:kms`.
- `ceph` (Boolean) Enable API compatibility with Ceph RGW. It takes into account the S3 API subset working with Ceph in order to provide the same module behaviour where possible. Requires `endpoint_url` if `ceph=true`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_object_ownership` (Boolean) Delete bucket's ownership controls. This option cannot be used together with a `object_ownership` definition.
- `delete_public_access` (Boolean) Delete public access block configuration from bucket. This option cannot be used together with a `public_access` definition.
- `dualstack` (Boolean) Enables Amazon S3 Dual-Stack Endpoints, allowing S3 communications using both IPv4 and IPv6. Mutually exclusive with `endpoint_url`.
- `encryption` (String) Describes the default server-side encryption to apply to new objects in the bucket. In order to remove the server-side encryption, the encryption needs to be set to 'none' explicitly. Note: Since January 2023 Amazon S3 doesn't support disabling encryption on S3 buckets.
- `encryption_key_id` (String) KMS master key ID to use for the default encryption. If not specified then it will default to the AWS provided KMS key. This parameter is only supported if `encryption` is `aws:kms`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) When trying to delete a bucket, delete all keys (including versions and delete markers) in the bucket first (an S3 bucket must be empty for a successful deletion).
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `inventory` (String) Enable S3 Inventory, saving list of the objects and their corresponding metadata on a daily or weekly basis for an S3 bucket.
- `object_lock_default_retention` (String) Default Object Lock configuration that will be applied by default to every new object placed in the specified bucket. `object_lock_enabled` must be included and set to `True`. Object lock retention policy can't be removed.
- `object_lock_enabled` (Boolean) Whether S3 Object Lock to be enabled. Defaults to `false` when creating a new bucket.
- `object_ownership` (String) Allow bucket's ownership controls. `BucketOwnerEnforced` - ACLs are disabled and no longer affect access permissions to your bucket. Requests to set or update ACLs fail. However, requests to read ACLs are supported. Bucket owner has full ownership and control. Object writer no longer has full ownership and control. `BucketOwnerPreferred` - Objects uploaded to the bucket change ownership to the bucket owner if the objects are uploaded with the bucket-owner-full-control canned ACL. `ObjectWriter` - The uploading account will own the object if the object is uploaded with the bucket-owner-full-control canned ACL. This option cannot be used together with a `delete_object_ownership` definition. `BucketOwnerEnforced` has been added in version 3.2.0. Note: At the end of April 2023 Amazon updated the default setting to `BucketOwnerEnforced`.
- `policy` (String) The JSON policy as a string. Set to the string `"null"` to force the absence of a policy.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `public_access` (String) Configure public access block for S3 bucket. This option cannot be used together with `delete_public_access`. Note: At the end of April 2023 Amazon updated the default settings to block public access by
default.  While the defaults for this module remain unchanged, it is necessary to explicitly
pass the `public_access` parameter to enable public access ACLs.
- `requester_pays` (Boolean) With Requester Pays buckets, the requester instead of the bucket owner pays the cost of the request and the data download from the bucket.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or remove the S3 bucket.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate_bucket_name` (Boolean) Whether the bucket name should be validated to conform to AWS S3 naming rules. On by default, this may be disabled for S3 backends that do not enforce these rules. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/bucketnamingrules.html.
- `versioning` (Boolean) Whether versioning is enabled or disabled (note that once versioning is enabled, it can only be suspended).

### Read-Only

- `bucket_inventory` (String) S3 bucket inventory configuration.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `public_access_block` (String) Bucket public access block configuration.
