---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_iam_access_key Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_iam_access_key (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `user_name` (String) The name of the IAM User to which the key belongs.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Whether the key should be enabled or disabled. Defaults to `true` when creating a new key.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rotate_keys` (Boolean) When there are already 2 access keys attached to the IAM user the oldest key will be removed and a new key created. Ignored if `state=absent` Mutually exclusive with `id`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or remove the access key. When `state=present` and `id` is not defined a new key will be created.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `access_key` (String) A dictionary containing all the access key information.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `deleted_access_key_id` (String) The access key deleted during rotation.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `secret_access_key` (String) The secret access key. A secret access key is the equivalent of a password which can not be changed and as such should be considered sensitive data. Secret access keys can only be accessed at creation time.
