---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_autoscaling_instance_refresh Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_autoscaling_instance_refresh (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the auto scaling group you are searching for.
- `state` (String) Desired state of the ASG.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `preferences` (String) Set of preferences associated with the instance refresh request. If not provided, the default values are used. For `preferences.min_healthy_percentage`, the default value is `90`. For `preferences.instance_warmup`, the default is to use the value specified for the health check grace period for the Auto Scaling group. Can not be specified when `state=cancelled`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `strategy` (String) The strategy to use for the instance refresh. The only valid value is `Rolling`. A rolling update is an update that is applied to all instances in an Auto Scaling group until all instances have been updated. A rolling update can fail due to failed health checks or if instances are on standby or are protected from scale in. If the rolling update process fails, any instances that were already replaced are not rolled back to their previous configuration.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `instance_refreshes` (String) Details of the instance refreshes for the Auto Scaling group.
