---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_vpc_route_table Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_vpc_route_table (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gateway_id` (String) The ID of the gateway to associate with the route table. If `gateway_id` is `'None'` or `''`, gateway will be disassociated with the route table.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lookup` (String) Look up route table by either `tags` or by `route_table_id`. If `lookup=tag` and `tags` is not specified then no lookup for an existing route table is performed and a new route table will be created. When using `lookup=tag`, multiple matches being found will result in a failure and no changes will be made. To change the tags of a route table use `lookup=id`. `vpc_id` must be specified when `lookup=tag`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `propagating_vgw_ids` (String) Enable route propagation from virtual gateways specified by ID.
- `purge_routes` (Boolean) Purge existing routes that are not found in routes.
- `purge_subnets` (Boolean) Purge existing subnets that are not found in subnets. Ignored unless the subnets option is supplied.
- `route_table_id` (String) The ID of the route table to update or delete. Required when `lookup=id`.
- `routes` (String) List of routes in the route table. Routes are specified as dicts containing the keys `dest` and one of `gateway_id`, `instance_id`, `network_interface_id`, `transit_gateway_id`, or `vpc_peering_connection_id`. The value of `dest` is used for the destination match. It may be a IPv4 CIDR block or a IPv6 CIDR block. If `gateway_id` is specified, you can refer to the VPC's IGW by using the value `igw`. Routes are required for present states.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or destroy the VPC route table.
- `subnets` (String) An array of subnets to add to this route table. Subnets may be specified by either subnet ID, Name tag, or by a CIDR such as '10.0.0.0/24' or 'fd00::/8'.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vpc_id` (String) VPC ID of the VPC in which to create the route table. Required when `state=present` or `lookup=tag`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `route_table` (String) Route Table result.
