---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_kms_key Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_kms_key (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `alias` (String) An alias for a key. For safety, even though KMS does not require keys to have an alias, this module expects all new keys to be given an alias to make them easier to manage. Existing keys without an alias may be referred to by `key_id`. Use `amazon.aws.kms_key_info` to find key ids. Note that passing a `key_id` and `alias` will only cause a new alias to be added, an alias will never be renamed. The `alias/` prefix is optional. Required if `key_id` is not given.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A description of the CMK. Use a description that helps you decide whether the CMK is appropriate for a task.
- `enable_key_rotation` (Boolean) Whether the key should be automatically rotated every year.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not a key is enabled.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `grants` (String) A list of grants to apply to the key. Each item must contain `grants.grantee_principal`. Each item can optionally contain `grants.retiring_principal`, `grants.operations`, `grants.constraints`, `grants.name`. `grants.grantee_principal` and `grants.retiring_principal` must be ARNs. For full documentation of suboptions see the boto3 documentation: https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/reference/services/kms.html#KMS.Client.create_grant
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key_id` (String) Key ID or ARN of the key. One of `alias` or `key_id` are required.
- `key_spec` (String) Specifies the type of KMS key to create. The specification is not changeable once the key is created.
- `key_usage` (String) Determines the cryptographic operations for which you can use the KMS key. The usage is not changeable once the key is created.
- `multi_region` (Boolean) Whether to create a multi-Region primary key or not.
- `pending_window` (Number) The number of days between requesting deletion of the CMK and when it will actually be deleted. Only used when `state=absent` and the CMK has not yet been deleted. Valid values are between `7` and `30` (inclusive). See also: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/APIReference/API_ScheduleKeyDeletion.html#KMS-ScheduleKeyDeletion-request-PendingWindowInDays
- `policy` (String) Policy to apply to the KMS key. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/key-policies.html
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_grants` (Boolean) Whether the `grants` argument should cause grants not in the list to be removed.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether a key should be present or absent. Note that making an existing key `absent` only schedules a key for deletion. Passing a key that is scheduled for deletion with `state=present` will cancel key deletion.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `aliases` (String) List of aliases associated with the key.
- `aws_account_id` (String) The AWS Account ID that the key belongs to.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `changes_needed` (String) Grant types that would be changed/were changed.
- `creation_date` (String) Date and time of creation of the key.
- `customer_master_key_spec` (String) Specifies the type of KMS key to create.
- `deletion_date` (String) Date and time after which KMS deletes this KMS key.
- `encryption_algorithms` (String) The encryption algorithms that the KMS key supports.
- `had_invalid_entries` (Boolean) Whether there are invalid (non-ARN) entries in the KMS entry. These don't count as a change, but will be removed if any changes are being made.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `key_arn` (String) ARN of key.
- `key_manager` (String) The manager of the KMS key.
- `key_policies` (String) List of policy documents for the key. Empty when access is denied even if there are policies.
- `key_state` (String) The state of the key. Will be one of `'Creating'`, `'Enabled'`, `'Disabled'`, `'PendingDeletion'`, `'PendingImport'`, `'PendingReplicaDeletion'`, `'Unavailable'`, or `'Updating'`.
- `origin` (String) The source of the key's key material. When this value is `AWS_KMS`, AWS KMS created the key material. When this value is `EXTERNAL`, the key material was imported or the CMK lacks key material.
