---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_transit_gateway Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_transit_gateway (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `asn` (Number) A private Autonomous System Number (ASN) for the Amazon side of a BGP session. The range is 64512 to 65534 for 16-bit ASNs and 4200000000 to 4294967294 for 32-bit ASNs.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_associate` (Boolean) Enable or disable automatic association with the default association route table.
- `auto_attach` (Boolean) Enable or disable automatic acceptance of attachment requests.
- `auto_propagate` (Boolean) Enable or disable automatic propagation of routes to the default propagation route table.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the transit gateway.
- `dns_support` (Boolean) Whether to enable AWS DNS support.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `multicast_support` (Boolean) Whether to enable AWS Multicast support. Valid only at the time of creation of the Transit Gateway.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `present` to ensure resource is created. `absent` to remove resource.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `transit_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the transit gateway.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vpn_ecmp_support` (Boolean) Enable or disable Equal Cost Multipath Protocol support.
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether to wait for status.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) Number of seconds to wait for status.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `transit_gateway` (String) The attributes of the transit gateway.
