---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_iam_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_iam_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the group. Note: Group names are unique within an account.  Paths (`path`) do **not** affect the uniqueness requirements of `name`.  For example it is not permitted to have both `/Path1/MyGroup` and `/Path2/MyGroup` in the same account. The alias `group_name` was added in release 7.2.0.
- `state` (String) Create or remove the IAM group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `managed_policies` (String) A list of managed policy ARNs or friendly names to attach to the role. If known, it is recommended to use ARNs rather than friendly names to avoid additional lookups. To embed an inline policy, use `amazon.aws.iam_policy`.
- `path` (String) The group path. For more information about IAM paths, see the AWS IAM identifiers documentation https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_identifiers.html.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_policies` (Boolean) When `purge_policies=true` any managed policies not listed in `managed_policies` will be detatched.
- `purge_users` (Boolean) When `purge_users=true` users which are not included in *users* will be detached.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `users` (String) A list of existing users to add as members of the group.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `iam_group` (String) Dictionary containing all the group information including group membership.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
