---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_iam_managed_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_iam_managed_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the managed policy. Note: Policy names are unique within an account.  Paths (`path`) do **not** affect the uniqueness requirements of `name`.  For example it is not permitted to have both `/Path1/MyPolicy` and `/Path2/MyPolicy` in the same account. The parameter was renamed from `policy_name` to `name` in release 7.2.0.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A helpful description of this policy, this value is immutable and only set when creating a new policy. The parameter was renamed from `policy_description` to `description` in release 7.2.0.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `make_default` (Boolean) Make this revision the default revision.
- `only_version` (Boolean) Remove all other non default revisions, if this is used with `make_default` it will result in all other versions of this policy being deleted.
- `path` (String) The path for the managed policy. For more information about IAM paths, see the AWS IAM identifiers documentation https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_identifiers.html.
- `policy` (String) A properly json formatted policy
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should this managed policy be present or absent. Set to absent to detach all entities from this policy and remove it if found.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
