---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_launch_template Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_launch_template (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `block_device_mappings` (String) The block device mapping. Supplying both a snapshot ID and an encryption value as arguments for block-device mapping results in an error. This is because only blank volumes can be encrypted on start, and these are not created from a snapshot. If a snapshot is the basis for the volume, it contains data by definition and its encryption status cannot be changed using this action.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cpu_options` (String) Choose CPU settings for the EC2 instances that will be created with this template. For more information, see http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/instance-optimize-cpu.html
- `credit_specification` (String) The credit option for CPU usage of the instance. Valid for T2 or T3 instances only.
- `default_version` (String) Which version should be the default when users spin up new instances based on this template? By default, the latest version will be made the default.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disable_api_termination` (Boolean) This helps protect instances from accidental termination. If set to `true`, you can't terminate the instance using the Amazon EC2 console, CLI, or API.
- `ebs_optimized` (Boolean) Indicates whether the instance is optimized for Amazon EBS I/O. This optimization provides dedicated throughput to Amazon EBS and an optimized configuration stack to provide optimal Amazon EBS I/O performance. This optimization isn't available with all instance types. Additional usage charges apply when using an EBS-optimized instance.
- `elastic_gpu_specifications` (String) Settings for Elastic GPU attachments. See https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/elastic-gpus/ for details.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `iam_instance_profile` (String) The name or ARN of an IAM instance profile. Requires permissions to describe existing instance roles to confirm ARN is properly formed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `image_id` (String) The AMI ID to use for new instances launched with this template. This value is region-dependent since AMIs are not global resources.
- `instance_initiated_shutdown_behavior` (String) Indicates whether an instance stops or terminates when you initiate shutdown from the instance using the operating system shutdown command.
- `instance_market_options` (String) Options for alternative instance markets, currently only the spot market is supported.
- `instance_type` (String) The instance type, such as `c5.2xlarge`. For a full list of instance types, see http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/instance-types.html.
- `kernel_id` (String) The ID of the kernel. We recommend that you use PV-GRUB instead of kernels and RAM disks. For more information, see http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/UserProvidedkernels.html
- `key_name` (String) The name of the key pair. You can create a key pair using `amazon.aws.ec2_key`. If you do not specify a key pair, you can't connect to the instance unless you choose an AMI that is configured to allow users another way to log in.
- `metadata_options` (String) Configure EC2 Metadata options. For more information see the IMDS documentation https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/configuring-instance-metadata-service.html.
- `monitoring` (String) Settings for instance monitoring.
- `network_interfaces` (String) One or more network interfaces.
- `placement` (String) The placement group settings for the instance.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `ram_disk_id` (String) The ID of the RAM disk to launch the instance with. We recommend that you use PV-GRUB instead of kernels and RAM disks. For more information, see http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/UserProvidedkernels.html
- `security_group_ids` (String) A list of security group IDs (VPC or EC2-Classic) that the new instances will be added to.
- `security_groups` (String) A list of security group names (Default VPC or EC2-Classic) that the new instances will be added to. For any VPC other than Default, you must use `security_group_ids`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_version` (String) The version number of the launch template version on which to base the new version. The new version inherits the same launch parameters as the source version, except for parameters that you explicity specify. Snapshots applied to the `block_device_mappings` are ignored when creating a new version unless they are explicitly included.
- `state` (String) Whether the launch template should exist or not. Deleting specific versions of a launch template is not supported at this time.
- `tag_specifications` (String) The tags to apply to the resources when this Launch template is used.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template_id` (String) The ID for the launch template, can be used for all cases except creating a new Launch Template. At least one of `template_id` and `template_name` must be specified.
- `template_name` (String) The template name. This must be unique in the region-account combination you are using. If no launch template exists with the specified name, a new launch template is created. If a launch template with the specified name already exists and the configuration has not changed, nothing happens. If a launch template with the specified name already exists and the configuration has changed, a new version of the launch template is created. At least one of `template_id` and `template_name` must be specified.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_data` (String) The Base64-encoded user data to make available to the instance. For more information, see the Linux http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/user-data.html and Windows http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/WindowsGuide/ec2-instance-metadata.html#instancedata-add-user-data documentation on user-data.
- `version_description` (String) The description of a launch template version.
- `versions_to_delete` (String) The version numbers of a launch template versions to delete. Use `default_version` to specify a new default version when deleting the current default version. By default, the latest version will be made the default. Ignored when `state=present`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `default_template` (String) The launch template version that will be used if only the template name is specified. Often this is the same as the latest version, but not always.
- `deleted_template` (String) information about a launch template deleted.
- `deleted_versions` (String) Information about deleted launch template versions.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `latest_template` (String) The latest available version of the launch template.
- `latest_version` (Number) The latest available version number of the launch template.
- `template` (String) Latest available version of the launch template.
- `versions` (String) All available versions of the launch template.
