---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_iam_role Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_iam_role (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the role. Note: Role names are unique within an account.  Paths (`path`) do **not** affect the uniqueness requirements of `name`.  For example it is not permitted to have both `/Path1/MyRole` and `/Path2/MyRole` in the same account. `role_name` was added as an alias in release 7.2.0.

### Optional

- `assume_role_policy_document` (String) The trust relationship policy document that grants an entity permission to assume the role. This parameter is required when `state=present`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `boundary` (String) The ARN of an IAM managed policy to use to restrict the permissions this role can pass on to IAM roles/users that it creates. Boundaries cannot be set on Instance Profiles, as such if this option is specified then `create_instance_profile` must be `false`. This is intended for roles/users that have permissions to create new IAM objects. For more information on boundaries, see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_boundaries.html.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `create_instance_profile` (Boolean) If no IAM instance profile with the same `name` exists, setting `create_instance_profile=True` will create an IAM instance profile along with the role. This option has been deprecated and will be removed in a release after 2026-05-01.  The `amazon.aws.iam_instance_profile` module can be used to manage instance profiles. Defaults to `True`
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_instance_profile` (Boolean) When `delete_instance_profile=true` and `state=absent` deleting a role will also delete an instance profile with the same `name` as the role, but only if the instance profile is associated with the role. Only applies when `state=absent`. This option has been deprecated and will be removed in a release after 2026-05-01.  The `amazon.aws.iam_instance_profile` module can be used to manage instance profiles. Defaults to `False`
- `description` (String) Provides a description of the role.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `managed_policies` (String) A list of managed policy ARNs, or friendly names. To remove all policies set `purge_policies=true` and `managed_policies=[]`. To embed an inline policy, use `amazon.aws.iam_policy`.
- `max_session_duration` (Number) The maximum duration (in seconds) of a session when assuming the role. Valid values are between 1 and 12 hours (3600 and 43200 seconds).
- `path` (String) The path of the role. For more information about IAM paths, see the AWS IAM identifiers documentation https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_identifiers.html. Updating the path on an existing role is not currently supported and will result in a warning. `path_prefix` and `prefix` were added as aliases in release 7.2.0.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_policies` (Boolean) When `purge_policies=true` any managed policies not listed in `managed_policies` will be detatched.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or remove the IAM role.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) When `wait=True` the module will wait for up to `wait_timeout` seconds for IAM role creation before returning.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long (in seconds) to wait for creation / update to complete.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `iam_role` (String) Dictionary containing the IAM Role data.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
