---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_vpc_net Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_vpc_net (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cidr_block` (String) The primary CIDR of the VPC. The first in the list will be used as the primary CIDR and is used in conjunction with `name` to ensure idempotence. Required when `vpc_id` is not set.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dhcp_opts_id` (String) The id of the DHCP options to use for this VPC.
- `dns_hostnames` (Boolean) Whether to enable AWS hostname support. Default value is `true` when creating a new VPC.
- `dns_support` (Boolean) Whether to enable AWS DNS support. Default value is `true` when creating a new VPC.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipv6_cidr` (Boolean) Request an Amazon-provided IPv6 CIDR block with /56 prefix length. You cannot specify the range of IPv6 addresses, or the size of the CIDR block. Default value is `false` when creating a new VPC.
- `multi_ok` (Boolean) By default the module will not create another VPC if there is another VPC with the same name and CIDR block. Specify `multi_ok=true` if you want duplicate VPCs created.
- `name` (String) The name to give your VPC. This is used in combination with `cidr_block` to determine if a VPC already exists. The value of `name` overrides any value set for `Name` in the `tags` parameter. At least one of `name` and `vpc_id` must be specified. `name` must be specified when creating a new VPC.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_cidrs` (Boolean) Remove CIDRs that are associated with the VPC and are not specified in `cidr_block`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of the VPC. Either absent or present.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tenancy` (String) Whether to be `default` or `dedicated` tenancy. This cannot be changed after the VPC has been created.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vpc_id` (String) The ID of the VPC. At least one of `name` and `vpc_id` must be specified. At least one of `name` and `cidr_block` must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vpc` (String) Info about the VPC that was created or deleted.
