---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_cloudformation Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_cloudformation (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `stack_name` (String) Name of the CloudFormation stack.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backoff_delay` (Number) Number of seconds to wait for the next retry.
- `backoff_max_delay` (Number) Maximum amount of time to wait between retries.
- `backoff_retries` (Number) Number of times to retry operation. AWS API throttling mechanism fails CloudFormation module so we have to retry a couple of times.
- `capabilities` (String) Specify capabilities that stack template contains. Valid values are `CAPABILITY_IAM`, `CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM` and `CAPABILITY_AUTO_EXPAND`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `changeset_name` (String) Name given to the changeset when creating a changeset. Only used when `create_changeset=true`. By default a name prefixed with Ansible-STACKNAME is generated based on input parameters. See the AWS Change Sets docs for more information https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-changesets.html
- `create_changeset` (Boolean) If stack already exists create a changeset instead of directly applying changes.  See the AWS Change Sets docs https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-cfn-updating-stacks-changesets.html. **WARNING:** if the stack does not exist, it will be created without changeset. If `state=absent`, the stack will be deleted immediately with no changeset.
- `create_timeout` (Number) The amount of time (in minutes) that can pass before the stack status becomes `CREATE_FAILED`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disable_rollback` (Boolean) If a stacks fails to form, rollback will remove the stack.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `events_limit` (Number) Maximum number of CloudFormation events to fetch from a stack when creating or updating it.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `notification_arns` (String) A comma separated list of Simple Notification Service (SNS) topic ARNs to publish stack related events.
- `on_create_failure` (String) Action to take upon failure of stack creation. Incompatible with the `disable_rollback` option.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `role_arn` (String) The role that AWS CloudFormation assumes to create the stack. See the AWS CloudFormation Service Role docs https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/using-iam-servicerole.html
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `stack_policy` (String) The path of the file containing the CloudFormation stack policy. A policy cannot be removed once placed, but it can be modified. for instance, allow all updates https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/protect-stack-resources.html#d0e9051
- `stack_policy_body` (String) The CloudFormation stack policy in JSON. A policy cannot be removed once placed, but it can be modified. for instance, allow all updates https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/protect-stack-resources.html#d0e9051
- `stack_policy_on_update_body` (String) The body of the cloudformation stack policy only applied during this update.
- `state` (String) If `state=present`, stack will be created. If `state=present` and if stack exists and template has changed, it will be updated. If `state=absent`, stack will be removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template` (String) The local path of the CloudFormation template. This must be the full path to the file, relative to the working directory. If using roles this may look like `roles/cloudformation/files/cloudformation-example.json`. If `state=present` and the stack does not exist yet, either `template`, `template_body` or `template_url` must be specified (but only one of them). If `state=present`, the stack does exist, and neither `template`, `template_body` nor `template_url` are specified, the previous template will be reused. The `template` parameter has been deprecated and will be remove in a release after 2026-05-01. It is recommended to use `template_body` with the `ansible.builtin.template#lookup` lookup plugin.
- `template_body` (String) Template body. Use this to pass in the actual body of the CloudFormation template. If `state=present` and the stack does not exist yet, either `template`, `template_body` or `template_url` must be specified (but only one of them). If `state=present`, the stack does exist, and neither `template`, `template_body` nor `template_url` are specified, the previous template will be reused.
- `template_parameters` (String) A list of hashes of all the template variables for the stack. The value can be a string or a dict. Dict can be used to set additional template parameter attributes like UsePreviousValue (see example).
- `template_url` (String) Location of file containing the template body. The URL must point to a template (max size 307,200 bytes) located in an S3 bucket in the same region as the stack. If `state=present` and the stack does not exist yet, either `template`, `template_body` or `template_url` must be specified (but only one of them). If `state=present`, the stack does exist, and neither `template`, `template_body` nor `template_url` are specified, the previous template will be reused.
- `termination_protection` (Boolean) Enable or disable termination protection on the stack.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `change_set_id` (String) The ID of the stack change set when created.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `events` (String) Most recent events in CloudFormation's event log. This may be from a previous run in some cases.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `log` (String) Debugging logs. Useful when modifying or finding an error.
- `stack_outputs` (String) A key:value dictionary of all the stack outputs currently defined. If there are no stack outputs, it is an empty dictionary.
- `stack_resources` (String) AWS stack resources and their status. List of dictionaries, one dict per resource.
