---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_key Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_key (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the key pair.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `file_name` (String) Name of the file where the generated private key will be saved. When provided, the R`key.private_key` attribute will be removed from the return value. The file is written out on the 'host' side rather than the 'controller' side. Ignored when `state=absent` or `key_material` is provided.
- `force` (Boolean) Force overwrite of already existing key pair if key has changed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key_material` (String) Public key material.
- `key_type` (String) The type of key pair to create. Note that ED25519 keys are not supported for Windows instances, EC2 Instance Connect, and EC2 Serial Console. By default Amazon will create an RSA key. Mutually exclusive with parameter `key_material`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or delete keypair.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `key` (String) Details of the keypair (this is set to null when state is absent).
- `msg` (String) Short message describing the action taken.
