---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_iam_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_iam_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `iam_name` (String) Name of IAM resource you wish to target for policy actions. In other words, the user name, group name or role name.
- `iam_type` (String) Type of IAM resource.
- `policy_name` (String) The name label for the policy to create or remove.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `policy_json` (String) A properly json formatted policy as string.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_duplicates` (Boolean) When `skip_duplicates=true` the module looks for any policies that match the document you pass in. If there is a match it will not make a new policy object with the same rules.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether to create or delete the IAM policy.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `diff` (String) A dict representing difference between policies applied on IAM resource (user, group, or role).
- `group_name` (String) Name of IAM group.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `policy_names` (String) A list of names of the inline policies embedded in the specified IAM resource (user, group, or role).
- `role_name` (String) Name of IAM role.
- `user_name` (String) Name of IAM user.
