---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_route53_key_signing_key Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_route53_key_signing_key (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `hosted_zone_id` (String) The unique string (ID) used to identify a hosted zone.
- `name` (String) A string used to identify a key-signing key (KSK).

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `caller_reference` (String) A unique string that identifies the request. Required when `state=present`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key_management_service_arn` (String) The Amazon resource name (ARN) for a customer managed key in Key Management Service (KMS). Required when `state=present`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether or not the zone should exist.
- `status` (String) A string specifying the initial status of the key-signing key (KSK). When `state=presnent`, you can set the value to `ACTIVE` or `INACTIVE`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait until the changes have been replicated.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long to wait for the changes to be replicated, in seconds.

### Read-Only

- `change_info` (String) A dictionary that describes change information about changes made to the hosted zone.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `key_signing_key` (String) The key-signing key (KSK) that the request creates.
- `location` (String) The unique URL representing the new key-signing key (KSK).
