---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_cloudwatchlogs_log_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_cloudwatchlogs_log_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `log_group_name` (String) The name of the log group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `kms_key_id` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the CMK to use when encrypting log data.
- `overwrite` (Boolean) Whether an existing log group should be overwritten on create. Mutually exclusive with `purge_retention_policy`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_retention_policy` (Boolean) Whether to purge the retention policy or not. Mutually exclusive with `retention` and `overwrite`.
- `retention` (Number) The number of days to retain the log events in the specified log group. Valid values are: [1, 3, 5, 7, 14, 30, 60, 90, 120, 150, 180, 365, 400, 545, 731, 1827, 3653] Mutually exclusive with `purge_retention_policy`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the rule is present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the log group.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creation_time` (Number) The creation time of the log group.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `log_groups` (String) Return the list of complex objects representing log groups.
- `metric_filter_count` (Number) The number of metric filters.
- `retention_in_days` (Number) The number of days to retain the log events in the specified log group.
- `stored_bytes` (String) The number of bytes stored.
