---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_rds_instance_param_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_rds_instance_param_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Database parameter group identifier.
- `state` (String) Specifies whether the group should be present or absent.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Database parameter group description. Only set when a new group is added.
- `engine` (String) The type of database for this group. Please use `amazon.aws.rds_engine_versions_info` to get list of all supported db engines and their respective versions. The DB parameter group family is immutable and can't be changed when updating a DB parameter group. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-rds-dbparametergroup.html Required for `state=present`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `immediate` (Boolean) Whether to apply the changes immediately, or after the next reboot of any associated instances.
- `params` (String) Map of parameter names and values. Numeric values may be represented as K for kilo (1024), M for mega (1024^2), G for giga (1024^3), or T for tera (1024^4), and these values will be expanded into the appropriate number before being set in the parameter group.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `db_parameter_group_arn` (String) ARN of the DB parameter group.
- `db_parameter_group_family` (String) DB parameter group family that this DB parameter group is compatible with.
- `db_parameter_group_name` (String) Name of DB parameter group.
- `errors` (String) List of errors from attempting to modify parameters that are not modifiable.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
