---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_rds_cluster_snapshot Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_rds_cluster_snapshot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `db_cluster_snapshot_identifier` (String) The identifier of the DB cluster snapshot.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `copy_tags` (Boolean) Whether to copy all tags from `source_db_cluster_snapshot_identifier` to `db_cluster_snapshot_identifier`.
- `db_cluster_identifier` (String) The identifier of the DB cluster to create a snapshot for. Required when `state=present`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_db_cluster_snapshot_identifier` (String) The identifier of the DB cluster snapshot to copy. If the source snapshot is in the same AWS region as the copy, specify the snapshot's identifier. If the source snapshot is in a different AWS region as the copy, specify the snapshot's ARN.
- `source_region` (String) The region that contains the snapshot to be copied.
- `state` (String) Specify the desired state of the snapshot.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether or not to wait for snapshot creation or deletion.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long before wait gives up, in seconds.

### Read-Only

- `allocated_storage` (Number) The allocated storage size of the DB cluster snapshot in gibibytes (GiB).
- `availability_zone` (String) Availability zone of the database from which the snapshot was created.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cluster_create_time` (String) The time when the DB cluster was created, in Universal Coordinated Time (UTC).
- `db_cluster_snapshot_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name for the snapshot.
- `engine` (String) Specifies the name of the database engine for this DB cluster snapshot.
- `engine_mode` (String) Provides the engine mode of the database engine for this DB cluster snapshot.
- `engine_version` (String) Version of the cluster from which the snapshot was created.
- `iam_database_authentication_enabled` (Boolean) Whether IAM database authentication is enabled.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `kms_key_id` (String) The Amazon Web Services KMS key identifier is the key ARN, key ID, alias ARN, or alias name for the KMS key.
- `license_model` (String) Provides the license model information for this DB cluster snapshot.
- `master_username` (String) Provides the master username for this DB cluster snapshot.
- `percent_progress` (Number) Specifies the percentage of the estimated data that has been transferred.
- `port` (Number) Port on which the database is listening.
- `snapshot_create_time` (String) Provides the time when the snapshot was taken, in Universal Coordinated Time (UTC).
- `snapshot_type` (String) How the snapshot was created (always manual for this module!).
- `source_db_cluster_snapshot_arn` (String) If the DB cluster snapshot was copied from a source DB cluster snapshot, the ARN for the source DB cluster snapshot, otherwise, null.
- `status` (String) Specifies the status of this DB cluster snapshot.
- `storage_encrypted` (Boolean) Specifies whether the DB cluster snapshot is encrypted.
- `tag_list` (String) A list of tags.
- `vpc_id` (String) ID of the VPC in which the DB lives.
