---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_cloudtrail Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_cloudtrail (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cloudwatch_logs_log_group_arn` (String) A full ARN specifying a valid CloudWatch log group to which CloudTrail logs will be delivered. The log group should already exist. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awscloudtrail/latest/userguide/send-cloudtrail-events-to-cloudwatch-logs.html. Required when `cloudwatch_logs_role_arn`.
- `cloudwatch_logs_role_arn` (String) Specifies a full ARN for an IAM role that assigns the proper permissions for CloudTrail to create and write to the log group. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awscloudtrail/latest/userguide/send-cloudtrail-events-to-cloudwatch-logs.html. Required when `cloudwatch_logs_log_group_arn`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable_log_file_validation` (Boolean) Specifies whether log file integrity validation is enabled. CloudTrail will create a hash for every log file delivered and produce a signed digest file that can be used to ensure log files have not been tampered.
- `enable_logging` (Boolean) Start or stop the CloudTrail logging. If stopped the trail will be paused and will not record events or deliver log files.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `include_global_events` (Boolean) Record API calls from global services such as IAM and STS.
- `is_multi_region_trail` (Boolean) Specify whether the trail belongs only to one region or exists in all regions.
- `kms_key_id` (String) Specifies the KMS key ID to use to encrypt the logs delivered by CloudTrail. This also has the effect of enabling log file encryption. The value can be an alias name prefixed by "alias/", a fully specified ARN to an alias, a fully specified ARN to a key, or a globally unique identifier. Encryption can be disabled by setting `kms_key_id=""`. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awscloudtrail/latest/userguide/encrypting-cloudtrail-log-files-with-aws-kms.html.
- `name` (String) Name for the CloudTrail. Names are unique per-region unless the CloudTrail is a multi-region trail, in which case it is unique per-account.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `s3_bucket_name` (String) An existing S3 bucket where CloudTrail will deliver log files. This bucket should exist and have the proper policy. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awscloudtrail/latest/userguide/aggregating_logs_regions_bucket_policy.html. Required when `state=present`.
- `s3_key_prefix` (String) S3 Key prefix for delivered log files. A trailing slash is not necessary and will be removed.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sns_topic_name` (String) SNS Topic name to send notifications to when a log file is delivered.
- `state` (String) Add or remove CloudTrail configuration. The following states have been preserved for backwards compatibility: `state=enabled` and `state=disabled`. `state=enabled` is equivalet to `state=present`. `state=disabled` is equivalet to `state=absent`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `exists` (Boolean) whether the resource exists.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `trail` (String) CloudTrail resource details.
