---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_iam_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_iam_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the user. Note: user names are unique within an account.  Paths (`path`) do **not** affect the uniqueness requirements of `name`.  For example it is not permitted to have both `/Path1/MyUser` and `/Path2/MyUser` in the same account. `user_name` was added as an alias in release 7.2.0.
- `state` (String) Create or remove the IAM user.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `boundary` (String) The ARN of an IAM managed policy to apply as a boundary policy for this user. Boundary policies can be used to restrict the permissions a user can exercise, but does not grant any policies in and of itself. For more information on boundaries, see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies_boundaries.html. Set to the empty string `""` to remove the boundary policy.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `managed_policies` (String) A list of managed policy ARNs or friendly names to attach to the user. To embed an inline policy, use `community.aws.iam_policy`.
- `password` (String) The password to apply to the user.
- `password_reset_required` (Boolean) Defines if the user is required to set a new password when they log in. Ignored unless a new password is set.
- `path` (String) The path for the user. For more information about IAM paths, see the AWS IAM identifiers documentation https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_identifiers.html.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_policies` (Boolean) When `purge_policies=true` any managed policies not listed in `managed_policies` will be detached.
- `remove_password` (Boolean) Option to delete user login passwords. This field is mutually exclusive to `password`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_password` (String) When to update user passwords. `update_password=always` will ensure the password is set to `password`. `update_password=on_create` will only set the password for newly created users.
- `wait` (Boolean) When `wait=True` the module will wait for up to `wait_timeout` seconds for IAM user creation before returning.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long (in seconds) to wait for creation / updates to complete.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `user` (String) Dictionary containing all the user information.
