---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_backup_vault Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_backup_vault (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `backup_vault_name` (String) Name for the Backup Vault. Names are  unique to the account used to create them and the Amazon Web Services Region where they are created. They consist of letters, numbers, and hyphens.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `creator_request_id` (String) A unique string that identifies the request and allows failed requests to be retried without the risk of running the operation twice. If used, this parameter must contain 1 to 50 alphanumeric or "-_." characters.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encryption_key_arn` (String) The server-side encryption key that is used to protect the backups.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Add or remove Backup Vault configuration.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `exists` (Boolean) Whether the Backup Vault exists.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vault` (String) Backup Vault details.
