---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_vpc_vpn Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_vpc_vpn (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connection_type` (String) The type of VPN connection. At this time only `ipsec.1` is supported.
- `customer_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the customer gateway.
- `delay` (Number) The time, in seconds, to wait before checking operation again.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filters` (String) An alternative to using `vpn_connection_id`. If multiple matches are found, `vpn_connection_id` is required. If one of the following suboptions is a list of items to filter by, only one item needs to match to find the VPN that correlates. e.g. if the filter `filters.cidr` is `["194.168.2.0/24", "192.168.2.0/24"]` and the VPN route only has the destination cidr block of `192.168.2.0/24` it will be found with this filter (assuming there are not multiple VPNs that are matched). Another example, if the filter `filters.vpn` is equal to `["vpn-ccf7e7ad", "vpn-cb0ae2a2"]` and one of of the VPNs has the state deleted (exists but is unmodifiable) and the other exists and is not deleted, it will be found via this filter.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `local_ipv4_network_cidr` (String) The IPv4 CIDR on the customer gateway (on-premises) side of the VPN connection.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_routes` (Boolean) Whether or not to delete VPN connections routes that are not specified in the task.
- `routes` (String) Routes to add to the connection.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The desired state of the VPN connection.
- `static_only` (Boolean) Indicates whether the VPN connection uses static routes only. Static routes must be used for devices that don't support BGP.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `transit_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the transit gateway. Mutually exclusive with `vpn_gateway_id`.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `tunnel_options` (String) An optional list object containing no more than two dict members, each of which may contain `tunnel_options.TunnelInsideCidr` and/or `tunnel_options.PreSharedKey` keys with appropriate string values. AWS defaults will apply in absence of either of the aforementioned keys.
- `vpn_connection_id` (String) The ID of the VPN connection. Required to modify or delete a connection if the filters option does not provide a unique match.
- `vpn_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the virtual private gateway. Mutually exclusive with `transit_gateway_id`.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long, in seconds, before wait gives up.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `customer_gateway_configuration` (String) The configuration of the VPN connection.
- `gateway_association_state` (String) The current state of the gateway association.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `options` (String) The VPN connection options.
- `type` (String) The type of VPN connection (currently only ipsec.1 is available).
- `vgw_telemetry` (String) The telemetry for the VPN tunnel.
