---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_rds_cluster_param_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_rds_cluster_param_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the RDS cluster parameter group to create, modify or delete.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `db_parameter_group_family` (String) The RDS cluster parameter group family name. An RDS cluster parameter group can be associated with one and only one RDS cluster parameter group family, and can be applied only to a RDS cluster running a database engine and engine version compatible with that RDS cluster parameter group family. Please use `amazon.aws.rds_engine_versions_info` module To list all of the available parameter group families for a DB engine. The RDS cluster parameter group family is immutable and can't be changed when updating a RDS cluster parameter group. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-rds-dbclusterparametergroup.html Required for `state=present`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description for the RDS cluster parameter group. Required for `state=present`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `parameters` (String) A list of parameters to update.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specifies whether the RDS cluster parameter group should be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `db_cluster_parameter_group` (String) dictionary containing all the RDS cluster parameter group information.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
