---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_vpc_subnet Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_ec2_vpc_subnet (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cidr` (String) The CIDR block for the subnet. E.g. `192.0.2.0/24`.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `vpc_id` (String) -"VPC ID of the VPC in which to create or delete the subnet.

### Optional

- `assign_instances_ipv6` (Boolean) Whether instances launched into the subnet should default to being automatically assigned an IPv6 address. If `assign_instances_ipv6=true`, `ipv6_cidr` must also be specified.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `az` (String) The availability zone for the subnet. Required if `outpost_arn` is set.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipv6_cidr` (String) The IPv6 CIDR block for the subnet. The VPC must have a /56 block assigned and this value must be a valid IPv6 /64 that falls in the VPC range. Required if `assign_instances_ipv6=true`
- `map_public` (Boolean) Whether instances launched into the subnet should default to being assigned public IP address.
- `outpost_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Outpost. If set, allows to create subnet in an Outpost. If `outpost_arn` is set, `az` must also be specified.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or remove the subnet.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether to wait for changes to complete.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) Number of seconds to wait for changes to complete Ignored unless `wait=true`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `subnet` (String) Dictionary of subnet values.
