---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_amazon_aws_route53_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_amazon_aws_route53_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `query` (String) Specifies the query action to take.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `change_id` (String) The ID of the change batch request. The value that you specify here is the value that ChangeResourceRecordSets returned in the Id element when you submitted the request. Required if `query=change`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delegation_set_id` (String) The DNS Zone delegation set ID.
- `dns_name` (String) The first name in the lexicographic ordering of domain names that you want the list_command to start listing from.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `health_check_id` (String) The ID of the health check. Required if `query` is set to `health_check` and `health_check_method` is set to `details` or `status` or `failure_reason`.
- `health_check_method` (String) This is used in conjunction with query: health_check. It allows for listing details, counts or tags of various health check details.
- `hosted_zone_id` (String) The Hosted Zone ID of the DNS zone. Required if `query` is set to `hosted_zone` and `hosted_zone_method` is set to `details`. Required if `query` is set to `record_sets`.
- `hosted_zone_method` (String) This is used in conjunction with query: hosted_zone. It allows for listing details, counts or tags of various hosted zone details.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `max_items` (Number) Maximum number of items to return for various get/list requests.
- `next_marker` (String) Some requests such as list_command: hosted_zones will return a maximum number of entries - EG 100 or the number specified by `max_items`. If the number of entries exceeds this maximum another request can be sent using the NextMarker entry from the first response to get the next page of results.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resource_id` (String) The ID/s of the specified resource/s. Required if `query=health_check` and `health_check_method=tags`. Required if `query=hosted_zone` and `hosted_zone_method=tags`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `start_record_name` (String) The first name in the lexicographic ordering of domain names that you want the list_command: record_sets to start listing from.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The type of DNS record.

### Read-Only

- `CheckerIpRanges` (String) A deprecated CamelCased list of IP ranges in CIDR format for Amazon Route 53 health checkers.\ This list contains same elements/parameters as it's snake_cased version mentioned abobe. \ This field is deprecated and will be removed in 6.0.0 version release.
- `DelegationSets` (String) A deprecated CamelCased list of dicts that contains information about the reusable delegation set. \ This list contains same elements/parameters as it's snake_cased version mentioned above. \ This field is deprecated and will be removed in 6.0.0 version release.
- `HealthCheck` (String) A deprecated CamelCased dict of Route53 health check details returned by get_health_check in boto3. \ This dict contains same elements/parameters as it's snake_cased version mentioned above. \ This field is deprecated and will be removed in 6.0.0 version release.
- `HealthChecks` (String) A deprecated CamelCased list of Route53 health checks returned by list_health_checks in boto3. \ This list contains same elements/parameters as it's snake_cased version mentioned above. \ This field is deprecated and will be removed in 6.0.0 version release.
- `HostedZones` (String) A deprecated CamelCased list of hosted zones returned by list_hosted_zones in boto3. \ This list contains same elements/parameters as it's snake_cased version mentioned above. \ This field is deprecated and will be removed in 6.0.0 version release.
- `ResourceRecordSets` (String) A deprecated CamelCased list of resource record sets returned by list_resource_record_sets in boto3. \ This list contains same elements/parameters as it's snake_cased version mentioned above. \ This field is deprecated and will be removed in 6.0.0 version release.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `checker_ip_ranges` (String) A list of IP ranges in CIDR format for Amazon Route 53 health checkers.
- `delegation_sets` (String) A list of dicts that contains information about the reusable delegation set.
- `health_check` (String) A dict of Route53 health check details returned by get_health_check in boto3.
- `health_check_observations` (String) A dict of Route53 health check details returned by get_health_check_status and get_health_check_last_failure_reason in boto3.
- `health_checks` (String) A list of Route 53 health checks returned by list_health_checks in boto3.
- `hosted_zones` (String) A list of hosted zones returned by list_hosted_zones in boto3.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `resource_record_sets` (String) A list of resource record sets returned by list_resource_record_sets in boto3.
