---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_wait_for Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_wait_for (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connect_timeout` (Number) The maximum number of seconds to wait for a connection to happen before closing and retrying.
- `delay` (Number) The number of seconds to wait before starting to poll.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `exclude_hosts` (String) The list of hosts or IPs to ignore when looking for active TCP connections when `state=drained`.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host` (String) A resolvable hostname or IP address to wait for. If `state=drained` then it will only check for connections on the IP specified, you can use '0.0.0.0' to use all host IPs.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `path` (String) The path to a file on the filesystem to check. If `state` is present or started then it will wait until the file exists. If `state` is absent then it will wait until the file does not exist.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) The port number to poll on `host`.
- `regex` (String) Can be used to match a string in a file. If `state` is present or started then it will wait until the regex matches. If `state` is absent then it will wait until the regex does not match. Defaults to a multiline regex.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sleep` (Number) Number of seconds to sleep between checks.
- `state` (String) When checking a port, `started` will ensure the port is open, `stopped` will check that is it closed and `drained` will check for active connections. When checking for a file or a search string `present` or `started` will ensure that the file or string is present, `absent` will check that the file or search string is absent or removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `elapsed` (Number) The elapsed seconds between the start of poll and the end of the module. This includes the delay if the option is set.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `wait_attempts` (Number) The number of attempts to poll the file or port before module finishes.
