---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_listen_ports_facts Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_listen_ports_facts (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `date_uformat` (String) The format of the date when the process that owns the port started. The date specification is UFormat
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tcp_filter` (String) Filter for the state of the TCP ports that will be recopilated. Supports multiple states (Bound, Closed, CloseWait, Closing, DeleteTCB, Established, FinWait1, FinWait2, LastAck, Listen, SynReceived, SynSent and TimeWait), that can be used alone or combined. Note that the Bound state is only available on PowerShell version 4.0 or later.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `tcp_listen` (String) List of dicts with the detected TCP ports
- `udp_listen` (String) List of dicts with the detected UDP ports
