---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_http_proxy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_http_proxy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bypass` (String) A list of hosts that will bypass the set proxy when being accessed. Use `<local>` to match hostnames that are not fully qualified domain names. This is useful when needing to connect to intranet sites using just the hostname. Omit, set to null or an empty string/list to remove the bypass list. If this is set then *proxy* must also be set.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `proxy` (String) A string or dict that specifies the proxy to be set. If setting a string, should be in the form `hostname`, `hostname:port`, or `protocol=hostname:port`. If the port is undefined, the default port for the protocol in use is used. If setting a dict, the keys should be the protocol and the values should be the hostname and/or port for that protocol. Valid protocols are `http`, `https`, `ftp`, and `socks`. Omit, set to null or an empty string to remove the proxy settings.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) Instead of manually specifying the *proxy* and/or *bypass*, set this to import the proxy from a set source like Internet Explorer. Using `ie` will import the Internet Explorer proxy settings for the current active network connection of the current user. Only IE's proxy URL and bypass list will be imported into WinHTTP. This is like running `netsh winhttp import proxy source=ie`. The value is imported when the module runs and will not automatically be updated if the IE configuration changes in the future. The module will have to be run again to sync the latest changes.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
