---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_region Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_region (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `copy_settings` (Boolean) This will copy the current format and location values to new user profiles and the welcome screen. This will only run if `location`, `format` or `unicode_language` has resulted in a change. If this process runs then it will always result in a change.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `format` (String) The language format to set for the current user, see https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.globalization.cultureinfo.aspx for a list of culture names to use. This needs to be set if `location` or `unicode_language` is not set.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `location` (String) The location to set for the current user, see https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd374073.aspx for a list of GeoIDs you can use and what location it relates to. This needs to be set if `format` or `unicode_language` is not set.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unicode_language` (String) The unicode language format to set for all users, see https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/manufacture/desktop/default-input-locales-for-windows-language-packs for a list of culture names to use. This needs to be set if `location` or `format` is not set. After setting this value a reboot is required for it to take effect.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `restart_required` (Boolean) Whether a reboot is required for the change to take effect.
