---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_command Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_command (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `_raw_params` (String) The `win_command` module takes a free form command to run. This is mutually exclusive with the `cmd` and `argv` options. There is no parameter actually named '_raw_params'. See the examples!
- `argv` (String) A list that contains the executable and arguments to run. The module will attempt to quote the arguments specified based on the [Win32 C command-line argument rules](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/c-language/parsing-c-command-line-arguments). Not all applications use the same quoting rules so the escaping may not work, for those scenarios use `cmd` instead.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chdir` (String) Set the specified path as the current working directory before executing a command.
- `cmd` (String) The command and arguments to run. This is mutually exclusive with the `_raw_params` and `argv` options.
- `creates` (String) A path or path filter pattern; when the referenced path exists on the target host, the task will be skipped.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `output_encoding_override` (String) This option overrides the encoding of stdout/stderr output. You can use this option when you need to run a command which ignore the console's codepage. You should only need to use this option in very rare circumstances. This value can be any valid encoding `Name` based on the output of `[System.Text.Encoding]::GetEncodings(`). See https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.text.encoding.getencodings.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `removes` (String) A path or path filter pattern; when the referenced path **does not** exist on the target host, the task will be skipped.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `stdin` (String) Set the stdin of the command directly to the specified value.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `delta` (String) The command execution delta time
- `end` (String) The command execution end time
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (Boolean) changed
- `rc` (Number) The command return code (0 means success)
- `start` (String) The command execution start time
- `stderr` (String) The command standard error
- `stderr_lines` (String) The command standard error split in lines
- `stdout` (String) The command standard output
- `stdout_lines` (String) The command standard output split in lines
