---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the group. Set to an empty string `""` to unset the description.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `members` (String) The members of the group to set. The value is a dictionary that contains 3 keys, *add*, *remove*, or *set*. Each subkey value is a list of users or domain groups to add, remove, or set respectively. The members can either be the username in the form of `SERVER\user`, `DOMAIN\user`, `.\user` to represent a local user, a UPN `user@DOMAIN.COM`, or a security identifier `S-1-5-....`. A local group member cannot be another local group, it must be either a local user, domain user, or a domain group. The *add* and *remove* keys can be set together but *set* can only be set by itself.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or remove the group.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `sid` (String) The Security Identifier (SID) of the group being managed. If a new group was created in check mode, the SID will be `S-1-5-0000`. When the group is not present, the SID will be `None`.
