---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_posix_synchronize Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_posix_synchronize (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dest` (String) Path on the destination host that will be synchronized from the source. The path can be absolute or relative.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `src` (String) Path on the source host that will be synchronized to the destination. The path can be absolute or relative.

### Optional

- `_local_rsync_password` (String) Internal use only, never logged.
- `_local_rsync_path` (String) Internal use only.
- `_ssh_args` (String) Internal use only. See `use_ssh_args` for ssh arg settings.
- `_substitute_controller` (Boolean) Internal use only.
- `archive` (Boolean) Mirrors the rsync archive flag, enables recursive, links, perms, times, owner, group flags, and `-D`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `checksum` (Boolean) Skip based on checksum, rather than mod-time & size; Note that that `archive` option is still enabled by default - the `checksum` option will not disable it.
- `compress` (Boolean) Compress file data during the transfer. In most cases, leave this enabled unless it causes problems.
- `copy_links` (Boolean) Copy symlinks as the item that they point to (the referent) is copied, rather than the symlink.
- `delay_updates` (Boolean) This option puts the temporary file from each updated file into a holding directory until the end of the transfer, at which time all the files are renamed into place in rapid succession.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete` (Boolean) Delete files in `dest` that do not exist (after transfer, not before) in the `src` path. This option requires `recursive=true`. This option ignores excluded files and behaves like the rsync opt `--delete-after`.
- `dest_port` (Number) Port number for ssh on the destination host. Prior to Ansible 2.0, the `ansible_ssh_port` inventory var took precedence over this value. This parameter defaults to the value of `ansible_port`, the `remote_port` config setting or the value from ssh client configuration if none of the former have been set.
- `dirs` (Boolean) Transfer directories without recursing.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `existing_only` (Boolean) Skip creating new files on receiver.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `group` (Boolean) Preserve group. This parameter defaults to the value of the archive option.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `link_dest` (String) Add a destination to hard link against during the rsync.
- `links` (Boolean) Copy symlinks as symlinks. This parameter defaults to the value of the archive option.
- `mode` (String) Specify the direction of the synchronization. In `push` mode the localhost or delegate is the source. In `pull` mode the remote host in context is the source.
- `owner` (Boolean) Preserve owner (super user only). This parameter defaults to the value of the archive option.
- `partial` (Boolean) Tells rsync to keep the partial file which should make a subsequent transfer of the rest of the file much faster.
- `perms` (Boolean) Preserve permissions. This parameter defaults to the value of the archive option.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_key` (String) Specify the private key to use for SSH-based rsync connections (e.g. `~/.ssh/id_rsa`).
- `recursive` (Boolean) Recurse into directories. This parameter defaults to the value of the archive option.
- `rsync_opts` (String) Specify additional rsync options by passing in an array. Note that an empty string in `rsync_opts` will end up transfer the current working directory.
- `rsync_path` (String) Specify the rsync command to run on the remote host. See `--rsync-path` on the rsync man page. To specify the rsync command to run on the local host, you need to set this your task var `ansible_rsync_path`.
- `rsync_timeout` (Number) Specify a `--timeout` for the rsync command in seconds.
- `set_remote_user` (Boolean) Put `user@` for the remote paths. If you have a custom ssh config to define the remote user for a host that does not match the inventory user, you should set this parameter to `false`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssh_connection_multiplexing` (Boolean) SSH connection multiplexing for rsync is disabled by default to prevent misconfigured ControlSockets from resulting in failed SSH connections. This is accomplished by setting the SSH `ControlSocket` to `none`. Set this option to `true` to allow multiplexing and reduce SSH connection overhead. Note that simply setting this option to `true` is not enough; You must also configure SSH connection multiplexing in your SSH client config by setting values for `ControlMaster`, `ControlPersist` and `ControlPath`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `times` (Boolean) Preserve modification times. This parameter defaults to the value of the archive option.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_ssh_args` (Boolean) In Ansible 2.10 and lower, it uses the ssh_args specified in `ansible.cfg`. In Ansible 2.11 and onwards, when set to `true`, it uses all SSH connection configurations like `ansible_ssh_args`, `ansible_ssh_common_args`, and `ansible_ssh_extra_args`.
- `verify_host` (Boolean) Verify destination host key.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
