---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_find Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_find (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `paths` (String) List of paths of directories to search for files or folders in. This can be supplied as a single path or a list of paths.

### Optional

- `age` (String) Select files or folders whose age is equal to or greater than the specified time. Use a negative age to find files equal to or less than the specified time. You can choose seconds, minutes, hours, days or weeks by specifying the first letter of an of those words (for example, "2s", "10d", 1w").
- `age_stamp` (String) Choose the file property against which we compare `age`. The default attribute we compare with is the last modification time.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `case_sensitive` (Boolean) Make case-sensitive string comparisons for the filename match. Set `use_regex` to `true` to make this work.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `checksum_algorithm` (String) Algorithm to determine the checksum of a file. Will throw an error if the host is unable to use specified algorithm.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `depth` (Number) Set the maximum number of levels to descend into. Setting recurse to `false` will override this value, which is effectively depth 1. Default depth is unlimited.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `file_type` (String) Type of file to search for. Specify `any` to find both file and directory. Added in version 3.2.0.
- `follow` (Boolean) Set this to `true` to follow symlinks in the path. This needs to be used in conjunction with `recurse`.
- `get_checksum` (Boolean) Whether to return a checksum of the file in the return info (default sha1), use `checksum_algorithm` to change from the default.
- `hidden` (Boolean) Set this to include hidden files or folders.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `patterns` (String) One or more (powershell or regex) patterns to compare filenames with. The type of pattern matching is controlled by `use_regex` option. The patterns restrict the list of files or folders to be returned based on the filenames. For a file to be matched it only has to match with one pattern in a list provided.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `recurse` (Boolean) Will recursively descend into the directory looking for files or folders.
- `size` (String) Select files or folders whose size is equal to or greater than the specified size. Use a negative value to find files equal to or less than the specified size. You can specify the size with a suffix of the byte type i.e. kilo = k, mega = m... Size is not evaluated for symbolic links.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_regex` (Boolean) Will set patterns to run as a regex check if set to `true`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `examined` (Number) The number of files/folders that was checked.
- `files` (String) Information on the files/folders that match the criteria returned as a list of dictionary elements for each file matched. The entries are sorted by the path value alphabetically.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `matched` (Number) The number of files/folders that match the criteria.
