---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_hotfix Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_hotfix (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hotfix_identifier` (String) The name of the hotfix as shown in DISM, see examples for details. This or `hotfix_kb` MUST be set when `state=absent`. If `state=present` then the hotfix at `source` will be validated against this value, if it does not match an error will occur. You can get the identifier by running 'Get-WindowsPackage -Online -PackagePath path-to-cab-in-msu' after expanding the msu file.
- `hotfix_kb` (String) The name of the KB the hotfix relates to, see examples for details. This or `hotfix_identifier` MUST be set when `state=absent`. If `state=present` then the hotfix at `source` will be validated against this value, if it does not match an error will occur. Because DISM uses the identifier as a key and doesn't refer to a KB in all cases it is recommended to use `hotfix_identifier` instead.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) The path to the downloaded hotfix .msu file. This MUST be set if `state=present` and MUST be a .msu hotfix file.
- `state` (String) Whether to install or uninstall the hotfix. When `present`, `source` MUST be set. When `absent`, `hotfix_identifier` or `hotfix_kb` MUST be set.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `identifier` (String) The DISM identifier for the hotfix.
- `identifiers` (String) The DISM identifiers for each hotfix in the msu.
- `kb` (String) The KB the hotfix relates to.
- `kbs` (String) The KB for each hotfix in the msu,
- `reboot_required` (String) Whether a reboot is required for the install or uninstall to finalise.
