---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_reboot Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_reboot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `boot_time_command` (String) Command to run that returns a unique string indicating the last time the system was booted. Setting this to a command that has different output each time it is run will cause the task to fail.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connect_timeout` (Number) Maximum seconds to wait for a single successful TCP connection to the WinRM endpoint before trying again.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `msg` (String) Message to display to users.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `post_reboot_delay` (Number) Seconds to wait after the reboot command was successful before attempting to validate the system rebooted successfully. This is useful if you want wait for something to settle despite your connection already working.
- `pre_reboot_delay` (Number) Seconds to wait before reboot. Passed as a parameter to the reboot command. The minimum version is `2` seconds and cannot be set lower.
- `reboot_timeout` (Number) Maximum seconds to wait for machine to re-appear on the network and respond to a test command. This timeout is evaluated separately for both reboot verification and test command success so maximum clock time is actually twice this value.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `test_command` (String) Command to expect success for to determine the machine is ready for management. By default this test command is a custom one to detect when the Windows Logon screen is up and ready to accept credentials. Using a custom command will replace this behaviour and just run the command specified.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `elapsed` (Number) The number of seconds that elapsed waiting for the system to be rebooted.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `rebooted` (Boolean) True if the machine was rebooted.
