---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_eventlog Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_eventlog (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the event log to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `category_file` (String) For one or more sources specified, the path to a custom category resource file.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `maximum_size` (String) The maximum size of the event log. Value must be between 64KB and 4GB, and divisible by 64KB. Size can be specified in KB, MB or GB (e.g. 128KB, 16MB, 2.5GB).
- `message_file` (String) For one or more sources specified, the path to a custom event message resource file.
- `overflow_action` (String) The action for the log to take once it reaches its maximum size. For `DoNotOverwrite`, all existing entries are kept and new entries are not retained. For `OverwriteAsNeeded`, each new entry overwrites the oldest entry. For `OverwriteOlder`, new log entries overwrite those older than the `retention_days` value.
- `parameter_file` (String) For one or more sources specified, the path to a custom parameter resource file.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `retention_days` (Number) The minimum number of days event entries must remain in the log. This option is only used when `overflow_action` is `OverwriteOlder`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sources` (String) A list of one or more sources to ensure are present/absent in the log. When `category_file`, `message_file` and/or `parameter_file` are specified, these values are applied across all sources.
- `state` (String) Desired state of the log and/or sources. When `sources` is populated, state is checked for sources. When `sources` is not populated, state is checked for the specified log itself. If `state` is `clear`, event log entries are cleared for the target log.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `entries` (Number) The count of entries present in the event log.
- `exists` (Boolean) Whether the event log exists or not.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `maximum_size_kb` (Number) Maximum size of the log in KB.
- `sources_changed` (String) A list of sources changed (e.g. re/created, removed) for the log; this is empty if no sources are changed.
