---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_netcommon_netconf_get Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_netcommon_netconf_get (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `display` (String) Encoding scheme to use when serializing output from the device. The option *json* will serialize the output as JSON data. If the option value is *json* it requires jxmlease to be installed on control node. The option *pretty* is similar to received XML response but is using human readable format (spaces, new lines). The option value *xml* is similar to received XML response but removes all XML namespaces.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filter` (String) This argument specifies the string which acts as a filter to restrict the portions of the data to be are retrieved from the remote device. If this option is not specified entire configuration or state data is returned in result depending on the value of `source` option. The `filter` value can be either XML string or XPath or JSON string or native python dictionary, if the filter is in XPath format the NETCONF server running on remote host should support xpath capability else it will result in an error. If the filter is in JSON format the xmltodict library should be installed on the control node for JSON to XML conversion.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lock` (String) Instructs the module to explicitly lock the datastore specified as `source`. If no *source* is defined, the *running* datastore will be locked. By setting the option value *always* is will explicitly lock the datastore mentioned in `source` option. By setting the option value *never* it will not lock the `source` datastore. The value *if-supported* allows better interworking with NETCONF servers, which do not support the (un)lock operation for all supported datastores.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) This argument specifies the datastore from which configuration data should be fetched. Valid values are *running*, *candidate* and *startup*. If the `source` value is not set both configuration and state information are returned in response from running datastore.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `output` (String) Based on the value of display option will return either the set of transformed XML to JSON format from the RPC response with type dict or pretty XML string response (human-readable) or response with namespace removed from XML string.
- `stdout` (String) The raw XML string containing configuration or state data received from the underlying ncclient library.
- `stdout_lines` (String) The value of stdout split into a list
