---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_get_url Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_get_url (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dest` (String) The location to save the file at the URL. Be sure to include a filename and extension as appropriate.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `url` (String) The full URL of a file to download.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `checksum` (String) If a *checksum* is passed to this parameter, the digest of the destination file will be calculated after it is downloaded to ensure its integrity and verify that the transfer completed successfully. If a checksum is passed in this parameter or via `checksum_url` and the file in `dest` exists then `checksum_dest` is calculated. If `checksum_dest` equals the checksum no download is done unless `force` is `true`. If the checksum does not match the file is always downloaded, as if `force` was set. This behaviour was added in the `2.7.0` release of this collection. This option cannot be set with *checksum_url*.
- `checksum_algorithm` (String) Specifies the hashing algorithm used when calculating the checksum of the remote and destination file.
- `checksum_url` (String) Specifies a URL that contains the checksum values for the resource at *url*. Like `checksum`, this is used to verify the integrity of the remote transfer. This option cannot be set with *checksum*.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) If `true`, will download the file every time and replace the file if the contents change. If `false`, will only download the file if it does not exist or the remote file has been modified more recently than the local file. This works by sending an http HEAD request to retrieve last modified time of the requested resource, so for this to work, the remote web server must support HEAD requests.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url_method` (String)
- `url_timeout` (String)

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `checksum_dest` (String) <algorithm> checksum of the file after the download
- `checksum_src` (String) <algorithm> checksum of the remote resource
- `elapsed` (Number) The elapsed seconds between the start of poll and the end of the module.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Error message, or HTTP status message from web-server
- `size` (Number) size of the dest file
- `status_code` (Number) HTTP status code
