---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_mapped_drive Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_mapped_drive (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `letter` (String) The letter of the network path to map to. This letter must not already be in use with Windows.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) The password for `username` that is used when testing the initial connection. This is never saved with a mapped drive, use the `ansible.windows.win_credential` module to persist a username and password for a host.
- `path` (String) The UNC path to map the drive to. If pointing to a WebDAV location this must still be in a UNC path in the format `\\hostname\path` and not a URL, see examples for more details. To specify a `https` WebDAV path, add `@SSL` after the hostname. To specify a custom WebDAV port add `@<port num>` after the `@SSL` or hostname portion of the UNC path, e.g. `\\server@SSL@1234` or `\\server@1234`. This is required if `state=present`. If `state=absent` and *path* is not set, the module will delete the mapped drive regardless of the target. If `state=absent` and the *path* is set, the module will throw an error if path does not match the target of the mapped drive.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If `present` will ensure the mapped drive exists. If `absent` will ensure the mapped drive does not exist.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) The username that is used when testing the initial connection. This is never saved with a mapped drive, the `ansible.windows.win_credential` module to persist a username and password for a host. This is required if the mapped drive requires authentication with custom credentials and become, or CredSSP cannot be used. If become or CredSSP is used, any credentials saved with `ansible.windows.win_credential` will automatically be used instead.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
