---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_dns_client Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_dns_client (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `adapter_names` (String) Adapter name or list of adapter names for which to manage DNS settings ('*' is supported as a wildcard value). The adapter name used is the connection caption in the Network Control Panel or the InterfaceAlias of `Get-DnsClientServerAddress`.
- `dns_servers` (String) Single or ordered list of DNS servers (IPv4 and IPv6 addresses) to configure for lookup. An empty list will configure the adapter to use the DHCP-assigned values on connections where DHCP is enabled, or disable DNS lookup on statically-configured connections. IPv6 DNS servers can only be set on Windows Server 2012 or newer, older hosts can only set IPv4 addresses.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `suffix_search_list` (String) Specifies a list of global suffixes that can be used in the specified order by the DNS client for resolving the IP address.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
