---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_certificate_store Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_certificate_store (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `file_type` (String) The file type to export the certificate as when `state=exported`. `der` is a binary ASN.1 encoded file. `pem` is a base64 encoded file of a der file in the OpenSSL form. `pkcs12` (also known as pfx) is a binary container that contains both the certificate and private key unlike the other options. When `pkcs12` is set and the private key is not exportable or accessible by the current user, it will throw an exception.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key_exportable` (Boolean) Whether to allow the private key to be exported. If `false`, then this module and other process will only be able to export the certificate and the private key cannot be exported. Used when `state=present` only.
- `key_storage` (String) Specifies where Windows will store the private key when it is imported. When set to `default`, the default option as set by Windows is used, typically `user`. When set to `machine`, the key is stored in a path accessible by various users. When set to `user`, the key is stored in a path only accessible by the current user. Used when `state=present` only and cannot be changed once imported. See https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.security.cryptography.x509certificates.x509keystorageflags.aspx for more details.
- `password` (String) The password of the pkcs12 certificate key. This is used when reading a pkcs12 certificate file or the password to set when `state=exported` and `file_type=pkcs12`. If the pkcs12 file has no password set or no password should be set on the exported file, do not set this option.
- `path` (String) The path to a certificate file. This is required when *state* is `present` or `exported`. When *state* is `absent` and *thumbprint* is not specified, the thumbprint is derived from the certificate at this path.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If `present`, will ensure that the certificate at *path* is imported into the certificate store specified. If `absent`, will ensure that the certificate specified by *thumbprint* or the thumbprint of the cert at *path* is removed from the store specified. If `exported`, will ensure the file at *path* is a certificate specified by *thumbprint*. When exporting a certificate, if *path* is a directory then the module will fail, otherwise the file will be replaced if needed.
- `store_location` (String) The store location to use when importing a certificate or searching for a certificate. Can be set to `CurrentUser` or `LocalMachine` when `store_type=system`. Defaults to `LocalMachine` when `store_type=system`. Must be set to any service name when `store_type=service`.
- `store_name` (String) The store name to use when importing a certificate or searching for a certificate. `AddressBook`: The X.509 certificate store for other users `AuthRoot`: The X.509 certificate store for third-party certificate authorities (CAs) `CertificateAuthority`: The X.509 certificate store for intermediate certificate authorities (CAs) `Disallowed`: The X.509 certificate store for revoked certificates `My`: The X.509 certificate store for personal certificates `Root`: The X.509 certificate store for trusted root certificate authorities (CAs) `TrustedPeople`: The X.509 certificate store for directly trusted people and resources `TrustedPublisher`: The X.509 certificate store for directly trusted publishers
- `store_type` (String) The store type to manage. Use `system` to manage locations in the system store, `LocalMachine` and `CurrentUser`. Use `service` to manage the store of a service account specified by *store_location*.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `thumbprint` (String) The thumbprint as a hex string to either export or remove. See the examples for how to specify the thumbprint.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `thumbprints` (String) A list of certificate thumbprints that were touched by the module.
