---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_updates Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_updates (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `_operation` (String) Internal use only.
- `_operation_options` (String) Internal use only.
- `accept_list` (String) A list of update titles or KB numbers that can be used to specify which updates are to be searched or installed. If an available update does not match one of the entries, then it is skipped and not installed. Each entry can either be the KB article or Update title as a regex according to the PowerShell regex rules. The accept list is only validated on updates that were found based on *category_names*. It will not force the module to install an update if it was not in the category specified.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `category_names` (String) A scalar or list of categories to install updates from. To get the list of categories, run the module with `state=searched`. The category must be the full category string, but is case insensitive. Some possible categories are Application, Connectors, Critical Updates, Definition Updates, Developer Kits, Feature Packs, Guidance, Security Updates, Service Packs, Tools, Update Rollups, Updates, and Upgrades. Since `v1.7.0` the value `*` will match all categories.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `log_path` (String) If set, `win_updates` will append update progress to the specified file. The directory must already exist.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reboot` (Boolean) Ansible will automatically reboot the remote host if it is required and continue to install updates after the reboot. This can be used instead of using a `ansible.windows.win_reboot` task after this one and ensures all updates for that category is installed in one go. Async does not work when `reboot=true`.
- `reboot_timeout` (Number) The time in seconds to wait until the host is back online from a reboot. This is only used if `reboot=true` and a reboot is required.
- `reject_list` (String) A list of update titles or KB numbers that can be used to specify which updates are to be excluded from installation. If an available update does match one of the entries, then it is skipped and not installed. Each entry can either be the KB article or Update title as a regex according to the PowerShell regex rules.
- `server_selection` (String) Defines the Windows Update source catalog. `default` Use the default search source. For many systems default is set to the Microsoft Windows Update catalog. Systems participating in Windows Server Update Services (WSUS) or similar corporate update server environments may default to those managed update sources instead of the Windows Update catalog. `managed_server` Use a managed server catalog. For environments utilizing Windows Server Update Services (WSUS) or similar corporate update servers, this option selects the defined corporate update source. `windows_update` Use the Microsoft Windows Update catalog.
- `skip_optional` (Boolean) Skip optional updates where the update has BrowseOnly set by Microsoft. Microsoft documents show that BrowseOnly means that the update should not be installed automatically and appear as optional updates.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Controls whether found updates are downloaded or installed or listed This module also supports Ansible check mode, which has the same effect as setting state=searched
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `failed_update_count` (Number) The number of updates that failed to install.
- `filtered_updates` (String) Updates that were found but were filtered based on *blacklist*, *whitelist* or *category_names*. The return value is in the same form as *updates*.
- `found_update_count` (Number) The number of updates found needing to be applied.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `installed_update_count` (Number) The number of updates successfully installed or downloaded.
- `reboot_required` (Boolean) True when the target server requires a reboot to complete updates (no further updates can be installed until after a reboot).
- `rebooted` (Boolean) Set to `true` when the target Windows host has been rebooted by `win_updates`.
- `updates` (String) Updates that were found/installed. The key for each update is the `id` of the update.
