---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_regedit Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_regedit (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) Name of the registry path. Should be in one of the following registry hives: HKCC, HKCR, HKCU, HKLM, HKU.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `data` (String) Value of the registry entry `name` in `path`. If not specified then the value for the property will be null for the corresponding `type`. Binary and None data should be expressed in a yaml byte array or as comma separated hex values. An easy way to generate this is to run `regedit.exe` and use the *export* option to save the registry values to a file. In the exported file, binary value will look like `hex:be,ef,be,ef`, the `hex:` prefix is optional. DWORD and QWORD values should either be represented as a decimal number or a hex value. Multistring values should be passed in as a list. See the examples for more details on how to format this data.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_key` (Boolean) When `state` is 'absent' then this will delete the entire key. If `false` then it will only clear out the '(Default)' property for that key.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hive` (String) A path to a hive key like C:\Users\Default\NTUSER.DAT to load in the registry. This hive is loaded under the HKLM:\ANSIBLE key which can then be used in *name* like any other path. This can be used to load the default user profile registry hive or any other hive saved as a file. Using this function requires the user to have the `SeRestorePrivilege` and `SeBackupPrivilege` privileges enabled.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Name of the registry entry in the above `path` parameters. If not provided, or empty then the '(Default)' property for the key will be used.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of the registry entry.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The registry value data type.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data_changed` (Boolean) Whether this invocation changed the data in the registry value.
- `data_type_changed` (Boolean) Whether this invocation changed the datatype of the registry value.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
