---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_posix_acl Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_posix_acl (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) The full path of the file or object.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `default` (Boolean) If `path` is a directory, setting this to `true` will make it the default ACL for entities created inside the directory. Setting `default=true` causes an error if `path` is a file.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `entity` (String) The actual user or group that the ACL applies to when matching entity types user or group are selected.
- `entry` (String) DEPRECATED. The ACL to set or remove. This must always be quoted in the form of `<etype>:<qualifier>:<perms>`. The qualifier may be empty for some types, but the type and perms are always required. `-` can be used as placeholder when you do not care about permissions. This is now superseded by entity, type and permissions fields.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `etype` (String) The entity type of the ACL to apply, see `setfacl` documentation for more info.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `follow` (Boolean) Whether to follow symlinks on the path if a symlink is encountered.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `permissions` (String) The permissions to apply/remove can be any combination of `r`, `w`, `x` (read, write and execute respectively), and `X` (execute permission if the file is a directory or already has execute permission for some user)
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `recalculate_mask` (String) Select if and when to recalculate the effective right masks of the files. See `setfacl` documentation for more info. Incompatible with `state=query`.
- `recursive` (Boolean) Recursively sets the specified ACL. Incompatible with `state=query`. Alias `recurse` added in version 1.3.0.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Define whether the ACL should be present or not. The `query` state gets the current ACL without changing it, for use in `register` operations.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_nfsv4_acls` (Boolean) Use NFSv4 ACLs instead of POSIX ACLs. This feature uses `nfs4_setfacl` and `nfs4_getfacl`. The behavior depends on those implementation. And currently it only supports `A` in ACE, so `D` must be replaced with the appropriate `A`. Permission is set as optimised ACLs by the system. You can check the actual ACLs that has been set using the return value. More info `man nfs4_setfacl`

### Read-Only

- `acl` (String) Current ACL on provided path (after changes, if any)
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
