---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_uri Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_uri (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `url` (String) Supports FTP, HTTP or HTTPS URLs in the form of (ftp|http|https)://host.domain:port/path.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `body` (String) The body of the HTTP request/response to the web service.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content_type` (String) Sets the "Content-Type" header.
- `creates` (String) A filename, when it already exists, this step will be skipped.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dest` (String) Output the response body to a file.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `removes` (String) A filename, when it does not exist, this step will be skipped.
- `return_content` (Boolean) Whether or not to return the body of the response as a "content" key in the dictionary result. If the reported Content-type is "application/json", then the JSON is additionally loaded into a key called `json` in the dictionary results.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `status_code` (String) A valid, numeric, HTTP status code that signifies success of the request. Can also be comma separated list of status codes.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url_method` (String)
- `url_timeout` (String)

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `content` (String) The raw content of the HTTP response.
- `content_length` (Number) The byte size of the response.
- `elapsed` (Number) The number of seconds that elapsed while performing the download.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `json` (String) The json structure returned under content as a dictionary.
- `status_description` (String) A summary of the status.
