---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_acl Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_acl (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) The path to the file or directory.
- `rights` (String) The rights/permissions that are to be allowed/denied for the specified user or group for the item at `path`. If `path` is a file or directory, rights can be any right under MSDN FileSystemRights https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.security.accesscontrol.filesystemrights.aspx. If `path` is a registry key, rights can be any right under MSDN RegistryRights https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.security.accesscontrol.registryrights.aspx. If *path* is a certificate key, rights can be `Read` and/or `FullControl`. (Added in 2.2.0)
- `type` (String) Specify whether to allow or deny the rights specified.
- `user` (String) User or Group to add specified rights to act on src file/folder or registry key.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `follow` (Boolean) Follow the symlinks and junctions to apply the ACLs to the target instead of the link.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `inherit` (String) Inherit flags on the ACL rules. Can be specified as a comma separated list, e.g. `ContainerInherit`, `ObjectInherit`. For more information on the choices see MSDN InheritanceFlags enumeration at https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.security.accesscontrol.inheritanceflags.aspx. Defaults to `ContainerInherit, ObjectInherit` for Directories.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `propagation` (String) Propagation flag on the ACL rules. For more information on the choices see MSDN PropagationFlags enumeration at https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.security.accesscontrol.propagationflags.aspx.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specify whether to add `present` or remove `absent` the specified access rule.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
