---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_template Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_template (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dest` (String) Location to render the template to on the remote machine.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `src` (String) Path of a Jinja2 formatted template on the Ansible controller. This can be a relative or an absolute path. The file must be encoded with `utf-8` but *output_encoding* can be used to control the encoding of the output template.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) Determine whether a backup should be created. When set to `true`, create a backup file including the timestamp information so you can get the original file back if you somehow clobbered it incorrectly.
- `block_end_string` (String) The string marking the end of a block.
- `block_start_string` (String) The string marking the beginning of a block.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment_end_string` (String) The string marking the end of a comment statement.
- `comment_start_string` (String) The string marking the beginning of a comment statement.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Determine when the file is being transferred if the destination already exists. When set to `true`, replace the remote file when contents are different than the source. When set to `false`, the file will only be transferred if the destination does not exist.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lstrip_blocks` (Boolean) Determine when leading spaces and tabs should be stripped. When set to `true` leading spaces and tabs are stripped from the start of a line to a block. This functionality requires Jinja 2.7 or newer.
- `newline_sequence` (String) Specify the newline sequence to use for templating files.
- `output_encoding` (String) Overrides the encoding used to write the template file defined by `dest`. It defaults to `utf-8`, but any encoding supported by python can be used. The source template file must always be encoded using `utf-8`, for homogeneity.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trim_blocks` (Boolean) Determine when newlines should be removed from blocks. When set to `true` the first newline after a block is removed (block, not variable tag!).
- `variable_end_string` (String) The string marking the end of a print statement.
- `variable_start_string` (String) The string marking the beginning of a print statement.

### Read-Only

- `backup_file` (String) Name of the backup file that was created.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
