---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_posix_rhel_rpm_ostree Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_posix_rhel_rpm_ostree (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) A package name or package specifier with version, like `name-1.0`. Comparison operators for package version are valid here `>`, `<`, `>=`, `<=`. Example - `name>=1.0`. If a previous version is specified, the task also needs to turn `allow_downgrade` on. See the `allow_downgrade` documentation for caveats with downgrading packages. When using `state=latest`, this can be `'*'` which means run `yum -y update`. You can also pass a url or a local path to a rpm file (using `state=present`). To operate on several packages this can accept a comma separated string of packages or (as of 2.0) a list of packages.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether to install (`present` or `installed`, `latest`), or remove (`absent` or `removed`) a package. `present` and `installed` will simply ensure that a desired package is installed. `latest` will update the specified package if it's not of the latest available version. `absent` and `removed` will remove the specified package. Default is `null`, however in effect the default action is `present` unless the `autoremove` option is enabled for this module, then `absent` is inferred.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) status of rpm transaction
