---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_user_right Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_user_right (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the User Right as shown by the `Constant Name` value from https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/threat-protection/security-policy-settings/user-rights-assignment. The module will return an error if the right is invalid.
- `users` (String) A list of users or groups to add/remove on the User Right. These can be in the form DOMAIN\user-group, user-group@DOMAIN.COM for domain users/groups. For local users/groups it can be in the form user-group, .\user-group, SERVERNAME\user-group where SERVERNAME is the name of the remote server. It is highly recommended to use the `.\` or `SERVERNAME\` prefix to avoid any ambiguity with domain account names or errors trying to lookup an account on a domain controller. You can also add special local accounts like SYSTEM and others. Can be set to an empty list with *action=set* to remove all accounts from the right.

### Optional

- `action` (String) `add` will add the users/groups to the existing right. `remove` will remove the users/groups from the existing right. `set` will replace the users/groups of the existing right.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `added` (String) A list of accounts that were added to the right, this is empty if no accounts were added.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `removed` (String) A list of accounts that were removed from the right, this is empty if no accounts were removed.
