---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_dns_record Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_dns_record (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the record.
- `type` (String) The type of DNS record to manage. `SRV` was added in the 1.0.0 release of this collection. `NS` was added in the 1.1.0 release of this collection. `TXT` was added in the 1.6.0 release of this collection. `DHCID` was added in the 1.12.0 release of this collection.
- `zone` (String) The name of the zone to manage (eg `example.com`). The zone must already exist.

### Optional

- `aging` (Boolean) Should aging be activated for the record. If set to `false`, the record will be static.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `computer_name` (String) Specifies a DNS server. You can specify an IP address or any value that resolves to an IP address, such as a fully qualified domain name (FQDN), host name, or NETBIOS name.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) The port number of the record. Required when `type=SRV`. Supported only for `type=SRV`.
- `priority` (Number) The priority number for each service in SRV record. Required when `type=SRV`. Supported only for `type=SRV`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the record should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `ttl` (Number) The "time to live" of the record, in seconds. Ignored when `state=absent`. Valid range is 1 - 31557600. Note that an Active Directory forest can specify a minimum TTL, and will dynamically "round up" other values to that minimum.
- `value` (String) The value(s) to specify. Required when `state=present`. When `type=PTR` only the partial part of the IP should be given. Multiple values can be passed when `type=NS`
- `weight` (Number) Weightage given to each service record in SRV record. Required when `type=SRV`. Supported only for `type=SRV`.
- `zone_scope` (String) The name of the zone scope to manage (eg `ScopeAZ`). The zone must already exist.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
