---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_netcommon_cli_restore Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_netcommon_cli_restore (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filename` (String) Filename of the backup file, present in the appliance where the restore operation is to be performed. Check appliance for the configuration backup file name.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `path` (String) The location in the target appliance where the file containing the backup exists. The path and the filename together create the input to the config replace command, For an IOSXE appliance the path pattern is flash://<filename>
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
