---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_share Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_share (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Share name.
- `path` (String) Share directory.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `caching_mode` (String) Set the CachingMode for this share.
- `change` (String) Specify user list that should get read and write access on share, separated by comma.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deny` (String) Specify user list that should get no access, regardless of implied access on share, separated by comma.
- `description` (String) Share description.
- `encrypt` (Boolean) Sets whether to encrypt the traffic to the share or not.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `full` (String) Specify user list that should get full access on share, separated by comma.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `list` (Boolean) Specify whether to allow or deny file listing, in case user has no permission on share. Also known as Access-Based Enumeration.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `read` (String) Specify user list that should get read access on share, separated by comma.
- `rule_action` (String) Whether to add or set (replace) access control entries.
- `scope_name` (String) Specifies the scope name of the share. For use with Windows Server failover cluster file server resources. When defined, *path* must be located on a cluster shared volume/disk.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specify whether to add `present` or remove `absent` the specified share.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `actions` (String) A list of action cmdlets that were run by the module.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
