---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_dns_zone Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_dns_zone (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Fully qualified name of the DNS zone.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dns_servers` (String) Specifies an list of IP addresses of the primary servers of the zone. DNS queries for a forwarded zone are sent to primary servers. Required if l(type=secondary), l(type=forwarder) or l(type=stub), otherwise ignored. At least one server is required.
- `dynamic_update` (String) Specifies how a zone handles dynamic updates. Secure DNS updates are available only for Active Directory-integrated zones. When not specified during new zone creation, Windows will default this to l(none).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `forwarder_timeout` (Number) Specifies a length of time, in seconds, that a DNS server waits for a remote DNS server to resolve a query. Accepts integer values between 0 and 15. If the provided value is not valid, it will be omitted and a warning will be issued.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `replication` (String) Specifies the replication scope for the DNS zone. l(replication=forest) will replicate the DNS zone to all domain controllers in the Active Directory forest. l(replication=domain) will replicate the DNS zone to all domain controllers in the Active Directory domain. l(replication=none) disables Active Directory integration and creates a local file with the name of the zone. This is the equivalent of selecting l(store the zone in Active Directory) in the GUI.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specifies the desired state of the DNS zone. When l(state=present) the module will attempt to create the specified DNS zone if it does not already exist. When l(state=absent), the module will remove the specified DNS zone and all subsequent DNS records.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of DNS zone. When l(type=secondary), the DNS server will immediately attempt to perform a zone transfer from the servers in this list. If this initial transfer fails, then the zone will be left in an unworkable state. This module does not verify the initial transfer.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `zone` (String) New/Updated DNS zone parameters
