---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_environment Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_environment (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `level` (String) The level at which to set the environment variable. Use `machine` to set for all users. Use `user` to set for the current user that ansible is connected as. Use `process` to set for the current process.  Probably not that useful.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The name of the environment variable. Required when *state=absent*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Set to `present` to ensure environment variable is set. Set to `absent` to ensure it is removed. When using *variables*, do not set this option.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `value` (String) The value to store in the environment variable. Must be set when *state=present* and cannot be an empty string. Should be omitted for *state=absent* and *variables*.
- `variables` (String) A dictionary where multiple environment variables can be defined at once. Not valid when *state* is set. Variables with a value will be set (`present`) and variables with an empty value will be unset (`absent`). *level* applies to all vars defined this way.

### Read-Only

- `before_value` (String) the value of the environment key before a change, this is null if it didn't exist
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `env_values` (String) Dictionary of before and after values; each key is a variable name, each value is another dict with `before`, `after`, and `changed` keys This is also returned under the `values` key for backward compatibility, but that usage is deprecated.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
