---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_package Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_package (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `arguments` (String) Any arguments the installer needs to either install or uninstall the package. If the package is an MSI do not supply the `/qn`, `/log` or `/norestart` arguments. This is only used for the `msi`, `msp`, and `registry` providers. Can be a list of arguments and the module will escape the arguments as necessary, it is recommended to use a string when dealing with MSI packages due to the unique escaping issues with msiexec. When using a list of arguments each item in the list is considered to be a single argument. As such, if an argument in the list contains a space then Ansible will quote this to ensure that this is seen by Windows as a single argument. Should this behaviour not be what is required, the argument should be split into two separate list items. See the examples section for more detail.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chdir` (String) Set the specified path as the current working directory before installing or uninstalling a package. This is only used for the `msi`, `msp`, and `registry` providers.
- `checksum` (String) If a *checksum* is passed to this parameter, the digest of the package will be calculated before executing it to verify that the path or downloaded file has the expected contents.
- `checksum_algorithm` (String) Specifies the hashing algorithm used when calculating the checksum of the path provided.
- `creates_path` (String) Will check the existence of the path specified and use the result to determine whether the package is already installed. You can use this in conjunction with `product_id` and other `creates_*`.
- `creates_service` (String) Will check the existing of the service specified and use the result to determine whether the package is already installed. You can use this in conjunction with `product_id` and other `creates_*`.
- `creates_version` (String) Will check the file version property of the file at `creates_path` and use the result to determine whether the package is already installed. `creates_path` MUST be set and is a file. You can use this in conjunction with `product_id` and other `creates_*`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `expected_return_code` (String) One or more return codes from the package installation that indicates success. The return codes are read as a signed integer, any values greater than 2147483647 need to be represented as the signed equivalent, i.e. `4294967295` is `-1`. To convert a unsigned number to the signed equivalent you can run "[Int32]("0x{0:X}" -f ([UInt32]3221225477))". A return code of `3010` usually means that a reboot is required, the `reboot_required` return value is set if the return code is `3010`. This is only used for the `msi`, `msp`, and `registry` providers.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `log_path` (String) Specifies the path to a log file that is persisted after a package is installed or uninstalled. This is only used for the `msi` or `msp` provider. When omitted, a temporary log file is used instead for those providers. This is only valid for MSI files, use `arguments` for the `registry` provider.
- `path` (String) Location of the package to be installed or uninstalled. This package can either be on the local file system, network share or a url. When `state=present`, `product_id` is not set and the path is a URL, this file will always be downloaded to a temporary directory for idempotency checks, otherwise the file will only be downloaded if the package has not been installed based on the `product_id` checks. If `state=present` then this value MUST be set. If `state=absent` and `product_id` is set then this value is not required. Module can not derive product id if `state=absent` and path is a URL.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `product_id` (String) The product id of the installed packaged. This is used for checking whether the product is already installed and getting the uninstall information if `state=absent`. For msi packages, this is the `ProductCode` (GUID) of the package. This can be found under the same registry paths as the `registry` provider. For msp packages, this is the `PatchCode` (GUID) of the package which can found under the `Details -> Revision number` of the file's properties. For msix packages, this is the `Name` or `PackageFullName` of the package found under the `Get-AppxPackage` cmdlet. For registry (exe) packages, this is the registry key name under the registry paths specified in *provider*. This value is ignored if `path` is set to a local accessible file path and the package is not an `exe`. This SHOULD be set when the package is an `exe`, or the path is a url or a network share and credential delegation is not being used. The `creates_*` options can be used instead but is not recommended.
- `provider` (String) Set the package provider to use when searching for a package. The `auto` provider will select the proper provider if *path* otherwise it scans all the other providers based on the *product_id*. The `msi` provider scans for MSI packages installed on a machine wide and current user context based on the `ProductCode` of the MSI. The `msix` provider is used to install `.appx`, `.msix`, `.appxbundle`, or `.msixbundle` packages. These packages are only installed or removed on the current use. The host must be set to allow sideloaded apps or in developer mode. See the examples for how to enable this. If a package is already installed but `path` points to an updated package, this will be installed over the top of the existing one. The `msp` provider scans for all MSP patches installed on a machine wide and current user context based on the `PatchCode` of the MSP. A `msp` will be applied or removed on all `msi` products that it applies to and is installed. If the patch is obsoleted or superseded then no action will be taken. The `registry` provider is used for traditional `exe` installers and uses the following registry path to determine if a product was installed; `HKLM:\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Uninstall`, `HKLM:\Software\Wow6432Node\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Uninstall`, `HKCU:\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Uninstall`, and `HKCU:\Software\Wow6432Node\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Uninstall`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether to install or uninstall the package. The module uses *product_id* to determine whether the package is installed or not. For all providers but `auto`, the *path* can be used for idempotency checks if it is locally accessible filesystem path.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait_for_children` (Boolean) The module will wait for the process it spawns to finish but any processes spawned in that child process as ignored. Set to `true` to wait for all descendent processes to finish before the module returns. This is useful if the install/uninstaller is just a wrapper which then calls the actual installer as its own child process. When this option is `true` then the module will wait for both processes to finish before returning. This should not be required for most installers and setting to `true` could result in the module not returning until the process it is waiting for has been stopped manually. Requires Windows Server 2012 or Windows 8 or newer to use.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `log` (String) The contents of the MSI or MSP log.
- `rc` (Number) The return code of the package process.
- `reboot_required` (Boolean) Whether a reboot is required to finalise package. This is set to true if the executable return code is 3010.
- `stderr` (String) The stderr stream of the package process.
- `stdout` (String) The stdout stream of the package process.
