---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_posix_patch Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_posix_patch (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `src` (String) Path of the patch file as accepted by the GNU patch tool. If `remote_src=false`, the patch source file is looked up from the module's *files* directory.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) Passes `--backup --version-control=numbered` to patch, producing numbered backup copies.
- `basedir` (String) Path of a base directory in which the patch file will be applied. May be omitted when `dest` option is specified, otherwise required.
- `binary` (Boolean) Setting to `true` will disable patch's heuristic for transforming CRLF line endings into LF. Line endings of `src` and `dest` must match. If set to `false`, `patch` will replace CRLF in `src` files on POSIX.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dest` (String) Path of the file on the remote machine to be patched. The names of the files to be patched are usually taken from the patch file, but if there's just one file to be patched it can specified with this option.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_whitespace` (Boolean) Setting to `true` will ignore white space changes between patch and input.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remote_src` (Boolean) If `false`, it will search for src at originating/controller machine, If `true`, it will go to the remote/target machine for the `src`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the patch should be applied or reverted.
- `strip` (Number) Number that indicates the smallest prefix containing leading slashes that will be stripped from each file name found in the patch file. For more information see the strip parameter of the GNU patch tool.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
