---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_netcommon_cli_config Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_netcommon_cli_config (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) This argument will cause the module to create a full backup of the current running config from the remote device before any changes are made. If the `backup_options` value is not given, the backup file is written to the `backup` folder in the playbook root directory or role root directory, if playbook is part of an ansible role. If the directory does not exist, it is created.
- `backup_options` (String) This is a dict object containing configurable options related to backup file path. The value of this option is read only when `backup` is set to *yes*, if `backup` is set to *no* this option will be silently ignored.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `commit` (Boolean) The `commit` argument instructs the module to push the configuration to the device. This is mapped to module check mode.
- `commit_comment` (String) The `commit_comment` argument specifies a text string to be used when committing the configuration. If the `commit` argument is set to False, this argument is silently ignored. This argument is only valid for the platforms that support commit operation with comment.
- `config` (String) The config to be pushed to the network device. This argument is mutually exclusive with `rollback` and either one of the option should be given as input. To ensure idempotency and correct diff the configuration lines should be similar to how they appear if present in the running configuration on device including the indentation.
- `defaults` (Boolean) The *defaults* argument will influence how the running-config is collected from the device.  When the value is set to true, the command used to collect the running-config is append with the all keyword.  When the value is set to false, the command is issued without the all keyword.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `diff_ignore_lines` (String) Use this argument to specify one or more lines that should be ignored during the diff. This is used for lines in the configuration that are automatically updated by the system. This argument takes a list of regular expressions or exact line matches. Note that this parameter will be ignored if the platform has onbox diff support.
- `diff_match` (String) Instructs the module on the way to perform the matching of the set of commands against the current device config. If `diff_match` is set to *line*, commands are matched line by line. If `diff_match` is set to *strict*, command lines are matched with respect to position. If `diff_match` is set to *exact*, command lines must be an equal match. Finally, if `diff_match` is set to *none*, the module will not attempt to compare the source configuration with the running configuration on the remote device. Note that this parameter will be ignored if the platform has onbox diff support.
- `diff_replace` (String) Instructs the module on the way to perform the configuration on the device. If the `diff_replace` argument is set to *line* then the modified lines are pushed to the device in configuration mode. If the argument is set to *block* then the entire command block is pushed to the device in configuration mode if any line is not correct. Note that this parameter will be ignored if the platform has onbox diff support.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `multiline_delimiter` (String) This argument is used when pushing a multiline configuration element to the device. It specifies the character to use as the delimiting character. This only applies to the configuration action.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `replace` (String) If the `replace` argument is set to `yes`, it will replace the entire running-config of the device with the `config` argument value. For devices that support replacing running configuration from file on device like NXOS/JUNOS, the `replace` argument takes path to the file on the device that will be used for replacing the entire running-config. The value of `config` option should be *None* for such devices. Nexus 9K devices only support replace. Use *net_put* or *nxos_file_copy* in case of NXOS module to copy the flat file to remote device and then use set the fullpath to this argument.
- `rollback` (Number) The `rollback` argument instructs the module to rollback the current configuration to the identifier specified in the argument.  If the specified rollback identifier does not exist on the remote device, the module will fail. To rollback to the most recent commit, set the `rollback` argument to 0. This option is mutually exclusive with `config`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `backup_path` (String) The full path to the backup file
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `commands` (String) The set of commands that will be pushed to the remote device
- `diff` (String) The diff generated on the device when the commands were applied
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
