---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_posix_mount Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_posix_mount (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) Path to the mount point (e.g. `/mnt/files`). Before Ansible 2.3 this option was only usable as `ignore:dest`, `ignore:destfile`, and `name`.
- `state` (String) If `mounted`, the device will be actively mounted and appropriately configured in *fstab*. If the mount point is not present, the mount point will be created. If `unmounted`, the device will be unmounted without changing *fstab*. `present` only specifies that the device is to be configured in *fstab* and does not trigger or require a mount. `ephemeral` only specifies that the device is to be mounted, without changing *fstab*. If it is already mounted, a remount will be triggered. This will always return R`ignore:changed=true`. If the mount point `path` has already a device mounted on, and its source is different than `src`, the module will fail to avoid unexpected unmount or mount point override. If the mount point is not present, the mount point will be created. The *fstab* is completely ignored. This option is added in version 1.5.0. `absent` specifies that the mount point entry `path` will be removed from *fstab* and will also unmount the mounted device and remove the mount point. A mounted device will be unmounted regardless of `src` or its real source. `absent` does not unmount recursively, and the module will fail if multiple devices are mounted on the same mount point. Using `absent` with a mount point that is not registered in the *fstab* has no effect, use `unmounted` instead. `remounted` specifies that the device will be remounted for when you want to force a refresh on the mount itself (added in 2.9). This will always return R`ignore:changed=true`. If `opts` is set, the options will be applied to the remount, but will not change *fstab*.  Additionally, if `opts` is set, and the remount command fails, the module will error to prevent unexpected mount changes.  Try using `mounted` instead to work around this issue.  `remounted` expects the mount point to be present in the *fstab*. To remount a mount point not registered in *fstab*, use `ephemeral` instead, especially with BSD nodes. `absent_from_fstab` specifies that the device mount's entry will be removed from *fstab*. This option does not unmount it or delete the mountpoint.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file including the timestamp information so you can get the original file back if you somehow clobbered it incorrectly.
- `boot` (Boolean) Determines if the filesystem should be mounted on boot. Only applies to Solaris and Linux systems. For Solaris systems, `true` will set `yes` as the value of mount at boot in `/etc/vfstab`. For Linux, FreeBSD, NetBSD and OpenBSD systems, `false` will add `noauto` to mount options in `/etc/fstab`. To avoid mount option conflicts, if `noauto` specified in `opts`, mount module will ignore `boot`. This parameter is ignored when `state=ephemeral`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dump` (String) Dump (see fstab(5)). Note that if set to `null` and `state=present`, it will cease to work and duplicate entries will be made with subsequent runs. Has no effect on Solaris systems or when used with `state=ephemeral`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fstab` (String) File to use instead of `/etc/fstab`. You should not use this option unless you really know what you are doing. This might be useful if you need to configure mountpoints in a chroot environment. OpenBSD does not allow specifying alternate fstab files with mount so do not use this on OpenBSD with any state that operates on the live filesystem. This parameter defaults to `/etc/fstab` or `/etc/vfstab` on Solaris. This parameter is ignored when `state=ephemeral`.
- `fstype` (String) Filesystem type. Required when `state` is `present`, `mounted`, or `ephemeral`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `opts` (String) Mount options (see fstab(5), or vfstab(4) on Solaris).
- `opts_no_log` (Boolean) Do not log opts.
- `passno` (String) Passno (see fstab(5)). Note that if set to `null` and `state=present`, it will cease to work and duplicate entries will be made with subsequent runs. Deprecated on Solaris systems. Has no effect when used with `state=ephemeral`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `src` (String) Device (or NFS volume, or something else) to be mounted on *path*. Required when `state` set to `present`, `mounted`, or `ephemeral`. Ignored when `state` set to `absent` or `unmounted`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
