---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_netcommon_restconf_config Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_netcommon_restconf_config (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) URI being used to execute API calls.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content` (String) The configuration data in format as specififed in `format` option. Required unless `method` is *delete*.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `format` (String) The format of the configuration provided as value of `content`. Accepted values are *xml* and *json* and the given configuration format should be supported by remote RESTCONF server.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `method` (String) The RESTCONF method to manage the configuration change on device. The value *post* is used to create a data resource or invoke an operation resource, *put* is used to replace the target data resource, *patch* is used to modify the target resource, and *delete* is used to delete the target resource.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `candidate` (String) The configuration sent to the device.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `running` (String) The current running configuration on the device.
