---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_file_compression Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_file_compression (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) The full path of the file or directory to modify. The path must exist on file system that supports compression like NTFS.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) This option only has an effect when *recurse* is `true` If `true`, will check the compressed state of all subdirectories and files and make a change if any are different from *compressed*. If `false`, will only make a change if the compressed state of *path* is different from *compressed*. If the folder structure is complex or contains a lot of files, it is recommended to set this option to `false` so that not every file has to be checked.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `recurse` (Boolean) Whether to recursively apply changes to all subdirectories and files. This option only has an effect when *path* is a directory. When set to `false`, only applies changes to *path*. When set to `true`, applies changes to *path* and all subdirectories and files.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Set to `present` to ensure the *path* is compressed. Set to `absent` to ensure the *path* is not compressed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `rc` (Number) The return code of the compress/uncompress operation. If no changes are made or the operation is successful, rc is 0.
