---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_reg_stat Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_reg_stat (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) The full registry key path including the hive to search for.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The registry property name to get information for, the return json will not include the sub_keys and properties entries for the *key* specified. Set to an empty string to target the registry key's `(Default`) property value.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `exists` (Boolean) States whether the registry key/property exists.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `properties` (String) A dictionary containing all the properties and their values in the registry key.
- `raw_value` (String) Returns the raw value of the registry property, REG_EXPAND_SZ has no string expansion, REG_BINARY or REG_NONE is in hex 0x format. REG_NONE, this value is a hex string in the 0x format.
- `sub_keys` (String) A list of all the sub keys of the key specified.
- `type` (String) The property type.
- `value` (String) The value of the property.
