---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_copy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_copy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dest` (String) Remote absolute path where the file should be copied to. If `src` is a directory, this must be a directory too. Use \ for path separators or \\ when in "double quotes". If `dest` ends with \ then source or the contents of source will be copied to the directory without renaming. If `dest` is a nonexistent path, it will only be created if `dest` ends with "/" or "\", or `src` is a directory. If `src` and `dest` are files and if the parent directory of `dest` doesn't exist, then the task will fail.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) Determine whether a backup should be created. When set to `true`, create a backup file including the timestamp information so you can get the original file back if you somehow clobbered it incorrectly. No backup is taken when `remote_src=False` and multiple files are being copied.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content` (String) When used instead of `src`, sets the contents of a file directly to the specified value. This is for simple values, for anything complex or with formatting please switch to the `ansible.windows.win_template` module.
- `decrypt` (Boolean) This option controls the autodecryption of source files using vault.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the file will only be transferred if the content is different than destination. If set to `false`, the file will only be transferred if the destination does not exist. If set to `false`, no checksuming of the content is performed which can help improve performance on larger files.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `local_follow` (Boolean) This flag indicates that filesystem links in the source tree, if they exist, should be followed.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remote_src` (Boolean) If `false`, it will search for src at originating/controller machine. If `true`, it will go to the remote/target machine for the src.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `src` (String) Local path to a file to copy to the remote server; can be absolute or relative. If path is a directory, it is copied (including the source folder name) recursively to `dest`. If path is a directory and ends with "/", only the inside contents of that directory are copied to the destination. Otherwise, if it does not end with "/", the directory itself with all contents is copied. If path is a file and dest ends with "\", the file is copied to the folder with the same filename. Required unless using `content`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `backup_file` (String) Name of the backup file that was created.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `checksum` (String) SHA1 checksum of the file after running copy.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `operation` (String) Whether a single file copy took place or a folder copy.
- `original_basename` (String) Basename of the copied file.
- `size` (Number) Size of the target, after execution.
