---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_netcommon_cli_command Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_netcommon_cli_command (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `command` (String) The command to send to the remote network device.  The resulting output from the command is returned, unless *sendonly* is set.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `answer` (String) The answer to reply with if *prompt* is matched. The value can be a single answer or a list of answer for multiple prompts. In case the command execution results in multiple prompts the sequence of the prompt and excepted answer should be in same order.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `check_all` (Boolean) By default if any one of the prompts mentioned in `prompt` option is matched it won't check for other prompts. This boolean flag, that when set to *True* will check for all the prompts mentioned in `prompt` option in the given order. If the option is set to *True* all the prompts should be received from remote host if not it will result in timeout.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `newline` (Boolean) The boolean value, that when set to false will send *answer* to the device without a trailing newline.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prompt` (String) A single regex pattern or a sequence of patterns to evaluate the expected prompt from *command*.
- `sendonly` (Boolean) The boolean value, that when set to true will send *command* to the device but not wait for a result.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `json` (String) A dictionary representing a JSON-formatted response
- `stdout` (String) The response from the command
