---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_netcommon_netconf_config Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_netcommon_netconf_config (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) This argument will cause the module to create a full backup of the current `running-config` from the remote device before any changes are made. If the `backup_options` value is not given, the backup file is written to the `backup` folder in the playbook root directory or role root directory, if playbook is part of an ansible role. If the directory does not exist, it is created.
- `backup_options` (String) This is a dict object containing configurable options related to backup file path. The value of this option is read only when `backup` is set to *yes*, if `backup` is set to *no* this option will be silently ignored.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `commit` (Boolean) This boolean flag controls if the configuration changes should be committed or not after editing the candidate datastore. This option is supported only if remote Netconf server supports :candidate capability. If the value is set to *False* commit won't be issued after edit-config operation and user needs to handle commit or discard-changes explicitly.
- `confirm` (Number) This argument will configure a timeout value for the commit to be confirmed before it is automatically rolled back. If the `confirm_commit` argument is set to False, this argument is silently ignored. If the value of this argument is set to 0, the commit is confirmed immediately. The remote host MUST support :candidate and :confirmed-commit capability for this option to .
- `confirm_commit` (Boolean) This argument will execute commit operation on remote device. It can be used to confirm a previous commit.
- `content` (String) The configuration data as defined by the device's data models, the value can be either in xml string format or text format or python dictionary representation of JSON format. In case of json string format it will be converted to the corresponding xml string using xmltodict library before pushing onto the remote host. In case the value of this option isn *text* format the format should be supported by remote Netconf server. If the value of `content` option is in *xml* format in that case the xml value should have *config* as root tag.
- `default_operation` (String) The default operation for <edit-config> rpc, valid values are *merge*, *replace* and *none*. If the default value is merge, the configuration data in the `content` option is merged at the corresponding level in the `target` datastore. If the value is replace the data in the `content` option completely replaces the configuration in the `target` datastore. If the value is none the `target` datastore is unaffected by the configuration in the config option, unless and until the incoming configuration data uses the `operation` operation to request a different operation.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete` (Boolean) It instructs the module to delete the configuration from value mentioned in `target` datastore.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `error_option` (String) This option controls the netconf server action after an error occurs while editing the configuration. If *error_option=stop-on-error*, abort the config edit on first error. If *error_option=continue-on-error*, continue to process configuration data on error. The error is recorded and negative response is generated if any errors occur. If *error_option=rollback-on-error*, rollback to the original configuration if any error occurs. This requires the remote Netconf server to support the *error_option=rollback-on-error* capability.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `format` (String) The format of the configuration provided as value of `content`. In case of json string format it will be converted to the corresponding xml string using xmltodict library before pushing onto the remote host. In case of *text* format of the configuration should be supported by remote Netconf server. If the value of `format` options is not given it tries to guess the data format of `content` option as one of *xml* or *json* or *text*. If the data format is not identified it is set to *xml* by default.
- `get_filter` (String) This argument specifies the XML string which acts as a filter to restrict the portions of the data retrieved from the remote device when comparing the before and after state of the device following calls to edit_config. When not specified, the entire configuration or state data is returned for comparison depending on the value of `source` option. The `get_filter` value can be either XML string or XPath or JSON string or native python dictionary, if the filter is in XPath format the NETCONF server running on remote host should support xpath capability else it will result in an error.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lock` (String) Instructs the module to explicitly lock the datastore specified as `target`. By setting the option value *always* is will explicitly lock the datastore mentioned in `target` option. It the value is *never* it will not lock the `target` datastore. The value *if-supported* lock the `target` datastore only if it is supported by the remote Netconf server.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `save` (Boolean) The `save` argument instructs the module to save the configuration in `target` datastore to the startup-config if changed and if :startup capability is supported by Netconf server.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_datastore` (String) Name of the configuration datastore to use as the source to copy the configuration to the datastore mentioned by `target` option. The values can be either *running*, *candidate*, *startup* or a remote URL
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target` (String) Name of the configuration datastore to be edited. - auto, uses candidate and fallback to running - candidate, edit <candidate/> datastore and then commit - running, edit <running/> datastore directly
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate` (Boolean) This boolean flag if set validates the content of datastore given in `target` option. For this option to work remote Netconf server should support :validate capability.

### Read-Only

- `backup_path` (String) The full path to the backup file
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `diff` (String) If --diff option in enabled while running, the before and after configuration change are returned as part of before and after key.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `server_capabilities` (String) list of capabilities of the server
