---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_credential Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_credential (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The target that identifies the server or servers that the credential is to be used for. If the value can be a NetBIOS name, DNS server name, DNS host name suffix with a wildcard character (`*`), a NetBIOS of DNS domain name that contains a wildcard character sequence, or an asterisk. See `TargetName` in https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/api/wincred/ns-wincred-credentiala for more details on what this value can be. This is used with *type* to produce a unique credential.
- `type` (String) The type of credential to store. This is used with *name* to produce a unique credential. When the type is a `domain` type, the credential is used by Microsoft authentication packages like Negotiate. When the type is a `generic` type, the credential is not used by any particular authentication package. It is recommended to use a `domain` type as only authentication providers can access the secret.

### Optional

- `alias` (String) Adds an alias for the credential. Typically this is the NetBIOS name of a host if *name* is set to the DNS name.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attributes` (String) A list of dicts that set application specific attributes for a credential. When set, existing attributes will be compared to the list as a whole, any differences means all attributes will be replaced.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) A user defined comment for the credential.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `persistence` (String) Defines the persistence of the credential. If `local`, the credential will persist for all logons of the same user on the same host. `enterprise` is the same as `local` but the credential is visible to the same domain user when running on other hosts and not just localhost.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `secret` (String) The secret for the credential. When omitted, then no secret is used for the credential if a new credentials is created. When *type* is a password type, this is the password for *username*. When *type* is a certificate type, this is the pin for the certificate.
- `secret_format` (String) Controls the input type for *secret*. If `text`, *secret* is a text string that is UTF-16LE encoded to bytes. If `base64`, *secret* is a base64 string that is base64 decoded to bytes.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `absent`, the credential specified by *name* and *type* is removed. When `present`, the credential specified by *name* and *type* is added.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_secret` (String) When `always`, the secret will always be updated if they differ. When `on_create`, the secret will only be checked/updated when it is first created. If the secret cannot be retrieved and this is set to `always`, the module will always result in a change.
- `username` (String) When *type* is a password type, then this is the username to store for the credential. When *type* is a credential type, then this is the thumbprint as a hex string of the certificate to use. When `type=domain_password`, this should be in the form of a Netlogon (DOMAIN\Username) or a UPN (username@DOMAIN). If using a certificate thumbprint, the certificate must exist in the `CurrentUser\My` certificate store for the executing user.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
