---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_netcommon_cli_backup Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_netcommon_cli_backup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `defaults` (Boolean) The *defaults* argument will influence how the running-config is collected from the device.  When the value is set to true, the command used to collect the running-config is append with the all keyword.  When the value is set to false, the command is issued without the all keyword.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dir_path` (String) This option provides the path ending with directory name in which the backup configuration file will be stored. If the directory does not exist it will be first created and the filename is either the value of `filename` or default filename as described in `filename` options description. If the path value is not given in that case a *backup* directory will be created in the current working directory and backup configuration will be copied in `filename` within *backup* directory.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filename` (String) The filename to be used to store the backup configuration. If the filename is not given it will be generated based on the hostname, current time and date in format defined by <hostname>_config.<current-date>@<current-time>
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `backup_path` (String) The full path to the backup file
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
