---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_auto_logon Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_auto_logon (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `logon_count` (Number) The number of times to do an automatic logon. This count is deremented by Windows everytime an automatic logon is performed. Once the count reaches `0` then the automatic logon process is disabled.
- `password` (String) Password to be used for automatic login. Must be set when `state=present`. Value of this input will be used as password for *username*. While this value is encrypted by LSA it is decryptable to any user who is an Administrator on the remote host.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the registry key should be `present` or `absent`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Username to login automatically. Must be set when `state=present`. This can be the Netlogon or UPN of a domain account and is automatically parsed to the `DefaultUserName` and `DefaultDomainName` registry properties.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
