---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_netcommon_netconf_rpc Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_netcommon_netconf_rpc (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `rpc` (String) This argument specifies the request (name of the operation) to be executed on the remote NETCONF enabled device.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content` (String) This argument specifies the optional request content (all RPC attributes). The *content* value can either be provided as XML formatted string or as dictionary.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `display` (String) Encoding scheme to use when serializing output from the device. The option *json* will serialize the output as JSON data. If the option value is *json* it requires jxmlease to be installed on control node. The option *pretty* is similar to received XML response but is using human readable format (spaces, new lines). The option value *xml* is similar to received XML response but removes all XML namespaces.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `xmlns` (String) NETCONF operations not defined in rfc6241 typically require the appropriate XML namespace to be set. In the case the *request* option is not already provided in XML format, the namespace can be defined by the *xmlns* option.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `output` (String) Based on the value of display option will return either the set of transformed XML to JSON format from the RPC response with type dict or pretty XML string response (human-readable) or response with namespace removed from XML string.
- `stdout` (String) The raw XML string containing configuration or state data received from the underlying ncclient library.
- `stdout_lines` (String) The value of stdout split into a list
