---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_audit_rule Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_audit_rule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) Path to the file, folder, or registry key. Registry paths should be in Powershell format, beginning with an abbreviation for the root such as, `HKLM:\Software`.
- `user` (String) The user or group to adjust rules for.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `audit_flags` (String) Defines whether to log on failure, success, or both. To log both define as comma separated list "Success, Failure".
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `inheritance_flags` (String) Defines what objects inside of a folder or registry key will inherit the settings. If you are setting a rule on a file, this value has to be changed to `none`. For more information on the choices see MSDN PropagationFlags enumeration at https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.security.accesscontrol.inheritanceflags.aspx.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `propagation_flags` (String) Propagation flag on the audit rules. This value is ignored when the path type is a file. For more information on the choices see MSDN PropagationFlags enumeration at https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.security.accesscontrol.propagationflags.aspx.
- `rights` (String) Comma separated list of the rights desired. Only required for adding a rule. If *path* is a file or directory, rights can be any right under MSDN FileSystemRights https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.security.accesscontrol.filesystemrights.aspx. If *path* is a registry key, rights can be any right under MSDN RegistryRights https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.security.accesscontrol.registryrights.aspx.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the rule should be `present` or `absent`. For absent, only *path*, *user*, and *state* are required. Specifying `absent` will remove all rules matching the defined *user*.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `current_audit_rules` (String) The current rules on the defined *path* Will return an empty dict"
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `path_type` (String) The type of *path* being targetted. Will be one of file, directory, registry.
