---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the user to create, remove or modify.

### Optional

- `account_disabled` (Boolean) `true` will disable the user account. `false` will clear the disabled flag.
- `account_expires` (String) Set the account expiration date for the user. This value should be in the format `%Y-%m-%d` or `%Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%S%z`. The timezone can be omitted in the long format and will default to UTC. The format of `%z` is `±HHMM`, `±HH:MM`, or `Z` for UTC. Set the value to `never` to remove the account expiration date.
- `account_locked` (Boolean) Only `false` can be set and it will unlock the user account if locked.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the user.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fullname` (String) Full name of the user.
- `groups` (String) Adds or removes the user from this comma-separated list of groups, depending on the value of *groups_action*. When *groups_action* is `replace` and *groups* is set to the empty string ('groups='), the user is removed from all groups. Since `ansible.windows v1.5.0` it is possible to specify a group using it's security identifier.
- `groups_action` (String) If `add`, the user is added to each group in *groups* where not already a member. If `replace`, the user is added as a member of each group in *groups* and removed from any other groups. If `remove`, the user is removed from each group in *groups*.
- `home_directory` (String) The designated home directory of the user.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `login_script` (String) The login script of the user.
- `password` (String) Optionally set the user's password to this (plain text) value.
- `password_expired` (Boolean) `true` will require the user to change their password at next login. `false` will clear the expired password flag.
- `password_never_expires` (Boolean) `true` will set the password to never expire. `false` will allow the password to expire.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `profile` (String) The profile path of the user.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `absent`, removes the user account if it exists. When `present`, creates or updates the user account. When `query`, retrieves the user account details without making any changes.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_password` (String) `always` will update passwords if they differ. `on_create` will only set the password for newly created users.
- `user_cannot_change_password` (Boolean) `true` will prevent the user from changing their password. `false` will allow the user to change their password.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `path` (String) The ADSI path for the user.
- `sid` (String) The SID for the user.
