---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_posix_firewalld Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_posix_firewalld (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) Enable or disable a setting. For ports: Should this port accept (`enabled`) or reject (`disabled`) connections. The states `present` and `absent` can only be used in zone level operations (i.e. when no other parameters but zone and state are set).

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `forward` (Boolean) The forward setting you would like to enable/disable to/from zones within firewalld. This option only is supported by firewalld v0.9.0 or later. Note that the option type is changed to bool in ansible.posix version 2.0.0 and later.
- `icmp_block` (String) The ICMP block you would like to add/remove to/from a zone in firewalld.
- `icmp_block_inversion` (Boolean) Enable/Disable inversion of ICMP blocks for a zone in firewalld. Note that the option type is changed to bool in ansible.posix version 2.0.0 and later.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `immediate` (Boolean) Whether to apply this change to the runtime firewalld configuration. Defaults to `true` if `permanent=false`.
- `interface` (String) The interface you would like to add/remove to/from a zone in firewalld.
- `masquerade` (Boolean) The masquerade setting you would like to enable/disable to/from zones within firewalld. Note that the option type is changed to bool in ansible.posix version 2.0.0 and later.
- `offline` (Boolean) Ignores `immediate` if `permanent=true` and firewalld is not running.
- `permanent` (Boolean) Whether to apply this change to the permanent firewalld configuration. As of Ansible 2.3, permanent operations can operate on firewalld configs when it is not running (requires firewalld >= 0.3.9). Note that if this is `false`, `immediate=true` by default.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (String) Name of a port or port range to add/remove to/from firewalld. Must be in the form PORT/PROTOCOL or PORT-PORT/PROTOCOL for port ranges.
- `port_forward` (String) Port and protocol to forward using firewalld.
- `protocol` (String) Name of a protocol to add/remove to/from firewalld.
- `rich_rule` (String) Rich rule to add/remove to/from firewalld. See [Syntax for firewalld rich language rules](https://firewalld.org/documentation/man-pages/firewalld.richlanguage.html).
- `service` (String) Name of a service to add/remove to/from firewalld. The service must be listed in output of `firewall-cmd --get-services`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) The source/network you would like to add/remove to/from firewalld.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target` (String) firewalld Zone target. If `state=absent`, this will reset the target to default.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `zone` (String) The firewalld zone to add/remove to/from. Note that the default zone can be configured per system but `public` is default from upstream. Available choices can be extended based on per-system configs, listed here are "out of the box" defaults. Possible values include `block`, `dmz`, `drop`, `external`, `home`, `internal`, `public`, `trusted`, `work`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
