---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_hosts Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_hosts (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `action` (String) Controls the behavior of *aliases*. Only applicable when `state=present`. If `add`, each alias in *aliases* will be added to the host entry. If `set`, each alias in *aliases* will be added to the host entry, and other aliases will be removed from the entry.
- `aliases` (String) A list of additional names (cname records) for the host entry. Only applicable when `state=present`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `canonical_name` (String) A canonical name for the host entry. required for `state=present`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_address` (String) The ip address for the host entry. Can be either IPv4 (A record) or IPv6 (AAAA record). Required for `state=present`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the entry should be present or absent. If only *canonical_name* is provided when `state=absent`, then all hosts entries with the canonical name of *canonical_name* will be removed. If only *ip_address* is provided when `state=absent`, then all hosts entries with the ip address of *ip_address* will be removed. If *ip_address* and *canonical_name* are both omitted when `state=absent`, then all hosts entries will be removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
