---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_group_membership Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_group_membership (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `members` (String) A list of members to ensure are present/absent from the group. Accepts local users as .\username, and SERVERNAME\username. Accepts domain users and groups as DOMAIN\username and username@DOMAIN. Accepts service users as NT AUTHORITY\username. Accepts all local, domain and service user types as username, favoring domain lookups when in a domain.
- `name` (String) Name of the local group to manage membership on.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of the members in the group. When `state` is `pure`, only the members specified will exist, and all other existing members not specified are removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `added` (String) A list of members added when `state` is `present` or `pure`; this is empty if no members are added.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `removed` (String) A list of members removed when `state` is `absent` or `pure`; this is empty if no members are removed.
