---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_feature Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_feature (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Names of roles or features to install as a single feature or a comma-separated list of features. To list all available features use the PowerShell command `Get-WindowsFeature`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `include_management_tools` (Boolean) Adds the corresponding management tools to the specified feature. Not supported in Windows 2008 R2 and will be ignored.
- `include_sub_features` (Boolean) Adds all subfeatures of the specified feature.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) Specify a source to install the feature from. Not supported in Windows 2008 R2 and will be ignored. Can either be `{driveletter}:\sources\sxs` or `\\{IP}\share\sources\sxs`.
- `state` (String) State of the features or roles on the system.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `exitcode` (String) The stringified exit code from the feature installation/removal command.
- `feature_result` (String) List of features that were installed or removed.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `reboot_required` (Boolean) True when the target server indicates a reboot is required (no further updates can be installed until after a reboot). This my be true even if not change had occurred as the value is derived from the server state.
