---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_certificate_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_certificate_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `store_location` (String) The location of the store to search.
- `store_name` (String) The name of the store to search. See https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.security.cryptography.x509certificates.storename for a list of built-in store names.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `thumbprint` (String) The thumbprint as a hex string of a certificate to find. When specified, filters the *certificates* return value to a single certificate See the examples for how to format the thumbprint.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `certificates` (String) A list of information about certificates found in the store, sorted by thumbprint.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `exists` (Boolean) Whether any certificates were found in the store. When *thumbprint* is specified, returns true only if the certificate mathing the thumbprint exists.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
