---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_service Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_service (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the service. If only the name parameter is specified, the module will report on whether the service exists or not without making any changes.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dependencies` (String) A list of service dependencies to set for this particular service. This should be a list of service names and not the display name of the service. This works by `dependency_action` to either add/remove or set the services in this list.
- `dependency_action` (String) Used in conjunction with `dependency` to either add the dependencies to the existing service dependencies. Remove the dependencies to the existing dependencies. Set the dependencies to only the values in the list replacing the existing dependencies.
- `description` (String) The description to set for the service.
- `desktop_interact` (Boolean) Whether to allow the service user to interact with the desktop. This can only be set to `true` when using the `LocalSystem` username. This can only be set to `true` when the *service_type* is `win32_own_process` or `win32_share_process`.
- `display_name` (String) The display name to set for the service.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `error_control` (String) The severity of the error and action token if the service fails to start. A new service defaults to `normal`. `critical` will log the error and restart the system with the last-known good configuration. If the startup fails on reboot then the system will fail to operate. `ignore` ignores the error. `normal` logs the error in the event log but continues. `severe` is like `critical` but a failure on the last-known good configuration reboot startup will be ignored.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `failure_actions` (String) A list of failure actions the service controller should take on each failure of a service. The service manager will run the actions from first to last defined until the service starts. If *failure_reset_period_sec* has been exceeded then the failure actions will restart from the beginning. If all actions have been performed the the service manager will repeat the last service defined. The existing actions will be replaced with the list defined in the task if there is a mismatch with any of them. Set to an empty list to delete all failure actions on a service otherwise an omitted or null value preserves the existing actions on the service.
- `failure_actions_on_non_crash_failure` (Boolean) Controls whether failure actions will be performed on non crash failures or not.
- `failure_command` (String) The command to run for a `run_command` failure action. Set to an empty string to remove the command.
- `failure_reboot_msg` (String) The message to be broadcast to users logged on the host for a `reboot` failure action. Set to an empty string to remove the message.
- `failure_reset_period_sec` (String) The time in seconds after which the failure action list resets back to the start of the list if there are no failures. To set this value, *failure_actions* must have at least 1 action present. Specify `'0xFFFFFFFF'` to set an infinite reset period.
- `force_dependent_services` (Boolean) If `true`, stopping or restarting a service with dependent services will force the dependent services to stop or restart also. If `false`, stopping or restarting a service with dependent services may fail.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `load_order_group` (String) The name of the load ordering group of which this service is a member. Specify an empty string to remove the existing load order group of a service.
- `password` (String) The password to set the service to start as. This and the `username` argument should be supplied together when using a local or domain account. If omitted then the password will continue to use the existing value password set. If specifying `LocalSystem`, `NetworkService`, `LocalService`, the `NT SERVICE`, or a gMSA this field can be omitted as those accounts have no password.
- `path` (String) The path to the executable to set for the service.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pre_shutdown_timeout_ms` (String) The time in which the service manager waits after sending a preshutdown notification to the service until it proceeds to continue with the other shutdown actions.
- `required_privileges` (String) A list of privileges the service must have when starting up. When set the service will only have the privileges specified on its access token. The *username* of the service must already have the privileges assigned. The existing privileges will be replace with the list defined in the task if there is a mismatch with any of them. Set to an empty list to remove all required privileges, otherwise an omitted or null value will keep the existing privileges. See [privilege text constants](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/secauthz/privilege-constants) for a list of privilege constants that can be used.
- `service_type` (String) The type of service. The default type of a new service is `win32_own_process`. *desktop_interact* can only be set if the service type is `win32_own_process` or `win32_share_process`.
- `sid_info` (String) Used to define the behaviour of the service's access token groups. `none` will not add any groups to the token. `restricted` will add the `NT SERVICE\<service name>` SID to the access token's groups and restricted groups. `unrestricted` will add the `NT SERVICE\<service name>` SID to the access token's groups.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `start_mode` (String) Set the startup type for the service. A newly created service will default to `auto`.
- `state` (String) The desired state of the service. `started`/`stopped`/`absent`/`paused` are idempotent actions that will not run commands unless necessary. `restarted` will always bounce the service. Only services that support the paused state can be paused, you can check the return value `can_pause_and_continue`. You can only pause a service that is already started. A newly created service will default to `stopped`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_password` (String) When set to `always` and *password* is set, the module will always report a change and set the password. Set to `on_create` to only set the password if the module needs to create the service. If *username* was specified and the service changed to that username then *password* will also be changed if specified. The current default is `on_create` but this behaviour may change in the future, it is best to be explicit here.
- `username` (String) The username to set the service to start as. Can also be set to `LocalSystem` or `SYSTEM` to use the SYSTEM account. A newly created service will default to `LocalSystem`. If using a custom user account, it must have the `SeServiceLogonRight` granted to be able to start up. You can use the `ansible.windows.win_user_right` module to grant this user right for you. Set to `NT SERVICE\service name` to run as the NT SERVICE account for that service. This can also be a gMSA in the form `DOMAIN\gMSA$`.

### Read-Only

- `can_pause_and_continue` (Boolean) Whether the service can be paused and unpaused.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `depended_by` (String) A list of services that depend on this service.
- `exists` (Boolean) Whether the service exists or not.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
