---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_powershell Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_powershell (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `arguments` (String) A list of arguments to pass to *executable* when running a script in another PowerShell process. These are not arguments to pass to *script*, use *parameters* for that purpose.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chdir` (String) The PowerShell location to set when starting the script. This can be a location in any of the PowerShell providers. The default location is dependent on many factors, if relative paths are used then set this option.
- `creates` (String) A path or path filter pattern; when the referenced path exists on the target host, the task will be skipped.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `depth` (Number) How deep the return values are serialized for `result`, `output`, and `information[x].message_data`. This also controls the depth of the diff output set by `$Ansible.Diff`. Setting this to a higher value can dramatically increase the amount of data that needs to be returned.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `error_action` (String) The `$ErrorActionPreference` to set before executing *script*. `silently_continue` will ignore any errors and exceptions raised. `continue` is the default behaviour in PowerShell, errors are present in the *error* return value but only terminating exceptions will stop the script from continuing and set it as failed. `stop` will treat errors like exceptions, will stop the script and set it as failed.
- `executable` (String) A custom PowerShell executable to run the script in. When not defined the script will run in the current module PowerShell interpreter. Both the remote PowerShell and the one specified by *executable* must be running on PowerShell v5.1 or newer. Setting this value may change the values returned in the `output` return value depending on the underlying .NET type.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `parameters` (String) Parameters to pass into the script as key value pairs. The key corresponds to the parameter name and the value is the value for that parameter.
- `path` (String) The path to a PowerShell script to run. When `remote_src=False`, or unset, this path is searched on the Ansible host. When `remote_src=True`, or set, this path is searched on the target host. This option is mutually exclusive with `script`. Scripts are expected to be saved with UTF-8 encoding, using a different encoding will result in non-ASCII characters being read as invalid characters.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remote_src` (Boolean) When `false`, the `path` specified will be searched on the Ansible host. When `true`, the `path` specified will be searched on the target host.
- `removes` (String) A path or path filter pattern; when the referenced path **does not** exist on the target host, the task will be skipped.
- `script` (String) The PowerShell script to run. This option is mutually exclusive with `path`.
- `sensitive_parameters` (String) Parameters to pass into the script as a SecureString or PSCredential. Each sensitive value will be marked with `no_log` to ensure they are not exposed in the module invocation args logs. The *value* suboption can be used to create a SecureString value while *username* and *password* can be used to create a PSCredential value.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `debug` (String) A list of warning messages created by the script. Debug messages only appear when `$DebugPreference = 'Continue'`.
- `error` (String) A list of error records created by the script.
- `host_err` (String) The strings written to the host error output, typically the stderr. This is not the same as objects sent to the error stream in PowerShell.
- `host_out` (String) The strings written to the host output, typically the stdout. This is not the same as objects sent to the output stream in PowerShell.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `information` (String) A list of information records created by the script. The information stream was only added in PowerShell v5, older versions will always have an empty list as a value.
- `output` (String) A list containing all the objects outputted by the script. The list elements can be anything as it is based on what was ran.
- `result` (String) The values that were set by `$Ansible.Result` in the script. Defaults to an empty dict but can be set to anything by the script.
- `verbose` (String) A list of warning messages created by the script. Verbose messages only appear when `$VerbosePreference = 'Continue'`.
- `warning` (String) A list of warning messages created by the script. Warning messages only appear when `$WarningPreference = 'Continue'`.
