---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ansible_windows_win_path Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ansible_windows_win_path (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `elements` (String) A single path element, or a list of path elements (ie, directories) to add or remove. When multiple elements are included in the list (and `state` is `present`), the elements are guaranteed to appear in the same relative order in the resultant path value. Variable expansions (eg, `%VARNAME%`) are allowed, and are stored unexpanded in the target path element. Any existing path elements not mentioned in `elements` are always preserved in their current order. New path elements are appended to the path, and existing path elements may be moved closer to the end to satisfy the requested ordering. Paths are compared in a case-insensitive fashion, and trailing backslashes are ignored for comparison purposes. However, note that trailing backslashes in YAML require quotes.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Target path environment variable name.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `scope` (String) The level at which the environment variable specified by `name` should be managed (either for the current user or global machine scope).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the path elements specified in `elements` should be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
