---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_apt Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_apt (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `allow_change_held_packages` (Boolean) Allows changing the version of a package which is on the apt hold list.
- `allow_downgrade` (Boolean) Corresponds to the `--allow-downgrades` option for *apt*. This option enables the named package and version to replace an already installed higher version of that package. Note that setting `allow_downgrade=true` can make this module behave in a non-idempotent way. (The task could end up with a set of packages that does not match the complete list of specified packages to install). `allow_downgrade` is only supported by `apt` and will be ignored if `aptitude` is detected or specified.
- `allow_unauthenticated` (Boolean) Ignore if packages cannot be authenticated. This is useful for bootstrapping environments that manage their own apt-key setup. `allow_unauthenticated` is only supported with `state`: `install`/`present`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_install_module_deps` (Boolean) Automatically install dependencies required to run this module.
- `autoclean` (Boolean) If `true`, cleans the local repository of retrieved package files that can no longer be downloaded.
- `autoremove` (Boolean) If `true`, remove unused dependency packages for all module states except `build-dep`. It can also be used as the only option. Previous to version 2.4, `autoclean` was also an alias for `autoremove`, now it is its own separate command. See documentation for further information.
- `cache_valid_time` (Number) Update the apt cache if it is older than the `cache_valid_time`. This option is set in seconds. As of Ansible 2.4, if explicitly set, this sets `update_cache=yes`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clean` (Boolean) Run the equivalent of `apt-get clean` to clear out the local repository of retrieved package files. It removes everything but the lock file from `/var/cache/apt/archives/` and `/var/cache/apt/archives/partial/`. Can be run as part of the package installation (clean runs before install) or as a separate step.
- `deb` (String) Path to a .deb package on the remote machine. If `://` in the path, ansible will attempt to download deb before installing. (Version added 2.1) Requires the `xz-utils` package to extract the control file of the deb package to install.
- `default_release` (String) Corresponds to the `-t` option for *apt* and sets pin priorities.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dpkg_options` (String) Add `dpkg` options to `apt` command. Defaults to `-o "Dpkg::Options::=--force-confdef" -o "Dpkg::Options::=--force-confold"`. Options should be supplied as comma separated list.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `fail_on_autoremove` (Boolean) Corresponds to the `--no-remove` option for `apt`. If `true`, it is ensured that no packages will be removed or the task will fail. `fail_on_autoremove` is only supported with `state` except `absent`. `fail_on_autoremove` is only supported by `apt` and will be ignored if `aptitude` is detected or specified.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Corresponds to the `--force-yes` to `apt-get` and implies `allow_unauthenticated=yes` and `allow_downgrade=yes`. This option will disable checking both the packages' signatures and the certificates of the web servers they are downloaded from. This option *is not* the equivalent of passing the `-f` flag to `apt-get` on the command line. **This is a destructive operation with the potential to destroy your system, and it should almost never be used.** Please also see `man apt-get` for more information.
- `force_apt_get` (Boolean) Force usage of apt-get instead of aptitude.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `install_recommends` (Boolean) Corresponds to the `--no-install-recommends` option for `apt`. `true` installs recommended packages. `false` does not install recommended packages. By default, Ansible will use the same defaults as the operating system. Suggested packages are never installed.
- `lock_timeout` (Number) How many seconds will this action wait to acquire a lock on the apt db. Sometimes there is a transitory lock and this will retry at least until timeout is hit.
- `name` (String) A list of package names, like `foo`, or package specifier with version, like `foo=1.0` or `foo>=1.0`. Name wildcards (fnmatch) like `apt*` and version wildcards like `foo=1.0*` are also supported. Do not use single or double quotes around the version when referring to the package name with a specific version, such as `foo=1.0` or `foo>=1.0`.
- `only_upgrade` (Boolean) Only upgrade a package if it is already installed.
- `policy_rc_d` (Number) Force the exit code of `/usr/sbin/policy-rc.d`. For example, if `policy_rc_d=101` the installed package will not trigger a service start. If `/usr/sbin/policy-rc.d` already exists, it is backed up and restored after the package installation. If `null`, the `/usr/sbin/policy-rc.d` is not created/changed.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge` (Boolean) Will force purging of configuration files if `state=absent` or `autoremove=yes`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicates the desired package state. `latest` ensures that the latest version is installed. `build-dep` ensures the package build dependencies are installed. `fixed` attempt to correct a system with broken dependencies in place.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_cache` (Boolean) Run the equivalent of `apt-get update` before the operation. Can be run as part of the package installation or as a separate step. Default is not to update the cache.
- `update_cache_retries` (Number) Amount of retries if the cache update fails. Also see `update_cache_retry_max_delay`.
- `update_cache_retry_max_delay` (Number) Use an exponential backoff delay for each retry (see `update_cache_retries`) up to this max delay in seconds.
- `upgrade` (String) If yes or safe, performs an aptitude safe-upgrade. If full, performs an aptitude full-upgrade. If dist, performs an apt-get dist-upgrade. Note: This does not upgrade a specific package, use state=latest for that. Note: Since 2.4, apt-get is used as a fall-back if aptitude is not present.

### Read-Only

- `cache_update_time` (Number) time of the last cache update (0 if unknown)
- `cache_updated` (Boolean) if the cache was updated or not
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `stderr` (String) error output from apt
- `stdout` (String) output from apt
