---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_apt_repository Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_apt_repository (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `repo` (String) A source string for the repository.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `codename` (String) Override the distribution codename to use for PPA repositories. Should usually only be set when working with a PPA on a non-Ubuntu target (for example, Debian or Mint).
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filename` (String) Sets the name of the source list file in `sources.list.d`. Defaults to a file name based on the repository source url. The `.list` extension will be automatically added.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `install_python_apt` (Boolean) Whether to automatically try to install the Python apt library or not, if it is not already installed. Without this library, the module does not work. Runs `apt-get install python3-apt`. Only works with the system Python. If you are using a Python on the remote that is not the system Python, set `install_python_apt=false` and ensure that the Python apt library for your Python version is installed some other way.
- `mode` (String) The octal mode for newly created files in `sources.list.d`. Default is what system uses (probably 0644).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) A source string state.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_cache` (Boolean) Run the equivalent of `apt-get update` when a change occurs. Cache updates are run after making changes.
- `update_cache_retries` (Number) Amount of retries if the cache update fails. Also see `update_cache_retry_max_delay`.
- `update_cache_retry_max_delay` (Number) Use an exponential backoff delay for each retry (see `update_cache_retries`) up to this max delay in seconds.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If `false`, SSL certificates for the target repo will not be validated. This should only be used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `sources_added` (String) List of sources added
- `sources_removed` (String) List of sources removed
