---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_apt_key Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_apt_key (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `data` (String) The keyfile contents to add to the keyring.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `file` (String) The path to a keyfile on the remote server to add to the keyring.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `keyring` (String) The full path to specific keyring file in C(/etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/).
- `keyserver` (String) The keyserver to retrieve key from.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Ensures that the key is present (added) or absent (revoked).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) The URL to retrieve key from.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If V(false), SSL certificates for the target url will not be validated. This should only be used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates.

### Read-Only

- `after` (String) List of apt key ids or fingerprints after any modification
- `before` (String) List of apt key ids or fingprints before any modifications
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `fp` (String) Fingerprint of the key to import
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `key_id` (String) calculated key id, it should be same as 'id', but can be different
- `short_id` (String) calculated short key id
