---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_awx_awx_credential Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_awx_awx_credential (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `credential_type` (String) The credential type being created. Can be a built-in credential type such as "Machine", or a custom credential type such as "My Credential Type" Choices include Amazon Web Services, Ansible Galaxy/Automation Hub API Token, Centrify Vault Credential Provider Lookup, Container Registry, CyberArk Central Credential Provider Lookup, CyberArk Conjur Secret Lookup, Google Compute Engine, GitHub Personal Access Token, GitLab Personal Access Token, GPG Public Key, HashiCorp Vault Secret Lookup, HashiCorp Vault Signed SSH, Insights, Machine, Microsoft Azure Key Vault, Microsoft Azure Resource Manager, Network, OpenShift or Kubernetes API Bearer Token, OpenStack, Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform, Red Hat Satellite 6, Red Hat Virtualization, Source Control, Thycotic DevOps Secrets Vault, Thycotic Secret Server, Vault, VMware vCenter, or a custom credential type
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name to use for the credential.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `copy_from` (String) Name or id to copy the credential from. This will copy an existing credential and change any parameters supplied. The new credential name will be the one provided in the name parameter. The organization parameter is not used in this, to facilitate copy from one organization to another. Provide the id or use the lookup plugin to provide the id if multiple credentials share the same name.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description to use for the credential.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `inputs` (String) Credential inputs where the keys are var names used in templating. Refer to the Automation Platform Controller documentation for example syntax. authorize (use this for net type) authorize_password (password for net credentials that require authorize) client (client or application ID for azure_rm type) security_token (STS token for aws type) secret (secret token for azure_rm type) tenant (tenant ID for azure_rm type) subscription (subscription ID for azure_rm type) domain (domain for openstack type) become_method (become method to use for privilege escalation; some examples are "None", "sudo", "su", "pbrun") become_username (become username; use "ASK" and launch job to be prompted) become_password (become password; use "ASK" and launch job to be prompted) vault_password (the vault password; use "ASK" and launch job to be prompted) project (project that should use this credential for GCP) host (the host for this credential) username (the username for this credential; ``access_key`` for AWS) password (the password for this credential; ``secret_key`` for AWS, ``api_key`` for RAX) ssh_key_data (SSH private key content; to extract the content from a file path, use the lookup function (see examples)) vault_id (the vault identifier; this parameter is only valid if `kind` is specified as `vault`.) ssh_key_unlock (unlock password for ssh_key; use "ASK" and launch job to be prompted) gpg_public_key (GPG Public Key used for signature validation)
- `new_name` (String) Setting this option will change the existing name (looked up via the name field.
- `organization` (String) Organization name, ID, or named URL that should own the credential. This parameter is mutually exclusive with `team` and `user`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of the resource. `exists` will not modify the resource if it is present.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `team` (String) Team name, ID, or named URL that should own this credential. This parameter is mutually exclusive with `organization` and `user`.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_secrets` (Boolean) `true` will always update encrypted values. `false` will only update encrypted values if a change is absolutely known to be needed.
- `user` (String) User name, ID, or named URL that should own this credential. This parameter is mutually exclusive with `organization` and `team`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
