---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_awx_awx_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_awx_awx_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `username` (String) Required. 150 characters or fewer. Letters, digits and @/./+/-/_ only.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `email` (String) Email address of the user.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `first_name` (String) First name of the user.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_superuser` (Boolean) Designates that this user has all permissions without explicitly assigning them.
- `is_system_auditor` (Boolean) User is a system wide auditor.
- `last_name` (String) Last name of the user.
- `new_username` (String) Setting this option will change the existing username (looked up via the name field.
- `organization` (String) The user will be created as a member of that organization name, ID, or named URL (needed for organization admins to create new organization users).
- `password` (String) Write-only field used to change the password.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of the resource.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_secrets` (Boolean) `true` will always change password if user specifies password, even if API gives $encrypted$ for password. `false` will only set the password if other values change too.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
