---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_awx_awx_inventory_source Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_awx_awx_inventory_source (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `inventory` (String) Inventory name, ID, or named URL the group should be made a member of.
- `name` (String) The name to use for the inventory source.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `credential` (String) Credential name, ID, or named URL to use for the source.
- `custom_virtualenv` (String) Local absolute file path containing a custom Python virtualenv to use. Only compatible with older versions of AWX/Controller Deprecated, will be removed in the future
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description to use for the inventory source.
- `enabled_value` (String) Value when the host is considered enabled, e.g., "powered_on"
- `enabled_var` (String) The variable to use to determine enabled state e.g., "status.power_state"
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `execution_environment` (String) Execution Environment name, ID, or named URL to use for the source.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host_filter` (String) If specified, AWX will only import hosts that match this regular expression.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `limit` (String) Enter host, group or pattern match
- `new_name` (String) A new name for this assets (will rename the asset)
- `notification_templates_error` (String) list of notifications to send on error
- `notification_templates_started` (String) list of notifications to send on start
- `notification_templates_success` (String) list of notifications to send on success
- `organization` (String) Name of the inventory source's inventory's organization.
- `overwrite` (Boolean) Delete child groups and hosts not found in source.
- `overwrite_vars` (Boolean) Override vars in child groups and hosts with those from external source.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `scm_branch` (String) Inventory source SCM branch. Project must have branch override enabled.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) The source to use for this group.
- `source_path` (String) For an SCM based inventory source, the source path points to the file within the repo to use as an inventory.
- `source_project` (String) Project name, ID, or named URL to use as source with scm option
- `source_vars` (String) The variables or environment fields to apply to this source type.
- `state` (String) Desired state of the resource.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_cache_timeout` (Number) Time in seconds to consider an inventory sync to be current.
- `update_on_launch` (Boolean) Refresh inventory data from its source each time a job is run.
- `verbosity` (Number) The verbosity level to run this inventory source under.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
