---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_awx_awx_workflow_job_template Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_awx_awx_workflow_job_template (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of this workflow job template.

### Optional

- `allow_simultaneous` (Boolean) Allow simultaneous runs of the workflow job template.
- `ask_inventory_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for inventory on launch of this workflow job template
- `ask_labels_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for labels on launch.
- `ask_limit_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for limit on launch of this workflow job template
- `ask_scm_branch_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for SCM branch on launch of this workflow job template
- `ask_skip_tags_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for job tags to skip on launch.
- `ask_tags_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for job tags on launch.
- `ask_variables_on_launch` (Boolean) Prompt user for `extra_vars` on launch.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `copy_from` (String) Name or id to copy the workflow job template from. This will copy an existing workflow job template and change any parameters supplied. The new workflow job template name will be the one provided in the name parameter. The organization parameter is not used in this, to facilitate copy from one organization to another. Provide the id or use the lookup plugin to provide the id if multiple workflow job templates share the same name.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Optional description of this workflow job template.
- `destroy_current_nodes` (Boolean) Set in order to destroy current workflow_nodes on the workflow. This option is used for full workflow update, if not used, nodes not described in workflow will persist and keep current associations and links.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `extra_vars` (String) Variables which will be made available to jobs ran inside the workflow.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `inventory` (String) Name, ID, or named URL of inventory applied as a prompt, assuming job template prompts for inventory
- `job_tags` (String) Comma separated list of the tags to use for the job template.
- `labels` (String) The labels applied to this job template Must be created with the labels module first. This will error if the label has not been created.
- `limit` (String) Limit applied as a prompt, assuming job template prompts for limit
- `new_name` (String) Setting this option will change the existing name.
- `notification_templates_approvals` (String) list of notifications to send on approval
- `notification_templates_error` (String) list of notifications to send on error
- `notification_templates_started` (String) list of notifications to send on start
- `notification_templates_success` (String) list of notifications to send on success
- `organization` (String) Organization name, ID, or named URL the workflow job template exists in. Used to help lookup the object, cannot be modified using this module. If not provided, will lookup by name only, which does not work with duplicates.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `scm_branch` (String) SCM branch applied as a prompt, assuming job template prompts for SCM branch
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of the resource.
- `survey_enabled` (Boolean) Setting that variable will prompt the user for job type on the workflow launch.
- `survey_spec` (String) The definition of the survey associated to the workflow.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `webhook_credential` (String) Personal Access Token for posting back the status to the service API
- `webhook_service` (String) Service that webhook requests will be accepted from
- `workflow_nodes` (String) A json list of nodes and their coresponding options. The following suboptions describe a single node.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
