---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_awx_awx_project Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_awx_awx_project (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name to use for the project.

### Optional

- `allow_override` (Boolean) Allow changing the SCM branch or revision in a job template that uses this project.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `copy_from` (String) Name or id to copy the project from. This will copy an existing project and change any parameters supplied. The new project name will be the one provided in the name parameter. The organization parameter is not used in this, to facilitate copy from one organization to another. Provide the id or use the lookup plugin to provide the id if multiple projects share the same name.
- `credential` (String) Name, ID, or named URL of the credential to use with this SCM resource.
- `custom_virtualenv` (String) Local absolute file path containing a custom Python virtualenv to use. Only compatible with older versions of AWX/Tower Deprecated, will be removed in the future
- `default_environment` (String) Default Execution Environment name, ID, or named URL to use for jobs relating to the project.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description to use for the project.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interval` (Number) The interval to request an update from the controller. Requires wait.
- `local_path` (String) The server playbook directory for manual projects.
- `new_name` (String) Setting this option will change the existing name (looked up via the name field.
- `notification_templates_error` (String) list of notifications to send on error
- `notification_templates_started` (String) list of notifications to send on start
- `notification_templates_success` (String) list of notifications to send on success
- `organization` (String) Name, ID, or named URL of organization for the project.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `scm_branch` (String) The branch to use for the SCM resource.
- `scm_clean` (Boolean) Remove local modifications before updating.
- `scm_delete_on_update` (Boolean) Remove the repository completely before updating.
- `scm_refspec` (String) The refspec to use for the SCM resource.
- `scm_track_submodules` (Boolean) Track submodules latest commit on specified branch.
- `scm_type` (String) Type of SCM resource.
- `scm_update_cache_timeout` (Number) Cache Timeout to cache prior project syncs for a certain number of seconds. Only valid if scm_update_on_launch is to True, otherwise ignored.
- `scm_update_on_launch` (Boolean) Perform an update to the local repository before launching a job with this project.
- `scm_url` (String) URL of SCM resource.
- `signature_validation_credential` (String) Name, ID, or named URL of the credential to use for signature validation. If signature validation credential is provided, signature validation will be enabled.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of the resource.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_project` (Boolean) Force project to update after changes. Used in conjunction with wait, interval, and timeout.
- `wait` (Boolean) Provides option (True by default) to wait for completed project sync before returning Can assure playbook files are populated so that job templates that rely on the project may be successfully created

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
