---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_awx_awx_instance Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_awx_awx_instance (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `hostname` (String) Hostname of this instance.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `capacity_adjustment` (Number) Capacity adjustment (0 <= capacity_adjustment <= 1)
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) If true, the instance will be enabled and used.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `listener_port` (Number) Port that Receptor will listen for incoming connections on.
- `managed_by_policy` (Boolean) Managed by policy
- `node_state` (String) Indicates the current life cycle stage of this instance.
- `node_type` (String) Role that this node plays in the mesh.
- `peers` (String) List of peers to connect outbound to. Only configurable for hop and execution nodes. To remove all current peers, set value to an empty list, []. Each item is an ID or address of a receptor address. If item is address, it must be unique across all receptor addresses.
- `peers_from_control_nodes` (Boolean) If enabled, control plane nodes will automatically peer to this node.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
