---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_awx_awx_workflow_launch Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_awx_awx_workflow_launch (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the workflow template to run.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `extra_vars` (String) Any extra vars required to launch the job.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interval` (Number) The interval to request an update from the controller.
- `inventory` (String) Inventory name, ID, or named URL to use for the job ran with this workflow, only used if prompt for inventory is set.
- `limit` (String) Limit to use for the *job_template*.
- `organization` (String) Organization name, ID, or named URL the workflow job template exists in. Used to help lookup the object, cannot be modified using this module. If not provided, will lookup by name only, which does not work with duplicates.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `scm_branch` (String) A specific branch of the SCM project to run the template on. This is only applicable if your project allows for branch override.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait for the workflow to complete.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `job_info` (String) dictionary containing information about the workflow executed
