---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_awx_awx_inventory Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_awx_awx_inventory (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name to use for the inventory.
- `organization` (String) Organization name, ID, or named URL the inventory belongs to.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `copy_from` (String) Name or id to copy the inventory from. This will copy an existing inventory and change any parameters supplied. The new inventory name will be the one provided in the name parameter. The organization parameter is not used in this, to facilitate copy from one organization to another. Provide the id or use the lookup plugin to provide the id if multiple inventories share the same name.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description to use for the inventory.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host_filter` (String) The host_filter field. Only useful when `kind=smart`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `input_inventories` (String) List of Inventory names, IDs, or named URLs to use as input for Constructed Inventory.
- `instance_groups` (String) list of Instance Group names, IDs, or named URLs for this Organization to run on.
- `kind` (String) The kind field. Cannot be modified after created.
- `new_name` (String) Setting this option will change the existing name (looked up via the name field.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prevent_instance_group_fallback` (Boolean) Prevent falling back to instance groups set on the organization
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of the resource.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `variables` (String) Inventory variables.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
