---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_awx_awx_organization Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_awx_awx_organization (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name to use for the organization.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `custom_virtualenv` (String) Local absolute file path containing a custom Python virtualenv to use. Only compatible with older versions of AWX/Tower Deprecated, will be removed in the future
- `default_environment` (String) Default Execution Environment name, ID, or named URL to use for jobs owned by the Organization.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description to use for the organization.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `galaxy_credentials` (String) list of Ansible Galaxy credential names, IDs, or named URLs to associate to the organization
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `instance_groups` (String) list of Instance Group names, IDs, or named URLs for this Organization to run on.
- `max_hosts` (Number) The max hosts allowed in this organizations
- `new_name` (String) Setting this option will change the existing name (looked up via the name field.
- `notification_templates_approvals` (String) list of notifications to send on start
- `notification_templates_error` (String) list of notifications to send on error
- `notification_templates_started` (String) list of notifications to send on start
- `notification_templates_success` (String) list of notifications to send on success
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of the resource.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
