---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_awx_awx_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_awx_awx_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `inventory` (String) Inventory name, ID, or named URL that the group should be made a member of.
- `name` (String) The name to use for the group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `children` (String) List of groups names, IDs, or named URLs that should be nested inside in this group.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description to use for the group.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hosts` (String) List of host names, IDs, or named URLs that should be put in this group.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `new_name` (String) A new name for this group (for renaming)
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `preserve_existing_children` (Boolean) Provide option (False by default) to preserves existing children in an existing group.
- `preserve_existing_hosts` (Boolean) Provide option (False by default) to preserves existing hosts in an existing group.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of the resource.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `variables` (String) Variables to use for the group.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
