---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_awx_awx_export Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_awx_awx_export (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `all` (Boolean) Export all assets
- `applications` (String) OAuth2 application names, IDs, or named URLs to export
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `credential_types` (String) credential type names, IDs, or named URLs to export
- `credentials` (String) credential names, IDs, or named URLs to export
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `execution_environments` (String) execution environment names, IDs, or named URLs to export
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `inventory` (String) inventory names, IDs, or named URLs to export
- `inventory_sources` (String) inventory source name, ID, or named URLs to export
- `job_templates` (String) job template names, IDs, or named URLs to export
- `notification_templates` (String) notification template names, IDs, or named URLs to export
- `organizations` (String) organization names, IDs, or named URLs to export
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `projects` (String) project names, IDs, or named URLs to export
- `schedules` (String) schedule names, IDs, or named URLs to export
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `teams` (String) team names, IDs, or named URLs to export
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `users` (String) user names, IDs, or named URLs to export
- `workflow_job_templates` (String) workflow names, IDs, or named URLs to export

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
