---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_awx_awx_instance_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_awx_awx_instance_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of this instance group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `credential` (String) Credential name, ID, or named URL to authenticate with Kubernetes or OpenShift.  Must be of type "OpenShift or Kubernetes API Bearer Token".
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `instances` (String) The instance names, IDs, or named URLs associated with this instance_group
- `is_container_group` (Boolean) Signifies that this InstanceGroup should act as a ContainerGroup. If no credential is specified, the underlying Pod's ServiceAccount will be used.
- `max_concurrent_jobs` (Number) Maximum number of concurrent jobs to run on this group. Zero means no limit.
- `max_forks` (Number) Max forks to execute on this group. Zero means no limit.
- `new_name` (String) Setting this option will change the existing name (looked up via the name field.
- `pod_spec_override` (String) A custom Kubernetes or OpenShift Pod specification.
- `policy_instance_list` (String) List of exact-match Instances that will be assigned to this group
- `policy_instance_minimum` (Number) Static minimum number of Instances that will be automatically assign to this group when new instances come online.
- `policy_instance_percentage` (Number) Minimum percentage of all instances that will be automatically assigned to this group when new instances come online.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of the resource.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
