---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_aduser Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_aduser (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `account_enabled` (Boolean) A boolean determing whether or not the user account is enabled. Used when either creating or updating a user account.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attribute_name` (String) The name of an attribute that you want to match to *attribute_value*. If *attribute_name* is not a collection type it will update or delete the user where *attribute_name* is equal to *attribute_value*. If *attribute_name* is a collection type it will update or delete the user where *attribute_value* is in *attribute_name*. Mutually exclusive with *object_id*, *user_principal_name*, and *odata_filter*. Required together with *attribute_value*.
- `attribute_value` (String) The value to match *attribute_name* to. If *attribute_name* is not a collection type it will update or delete the user where *attribute_name* is equal to *attribute_value*. If *attribute_name* is a collection type it will update or delete the user where *attribute_value* is in *attribute_name*. Required together with *attribute_name*.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `company_name` (String) The name of the company that the user is associated with. This property can be useful for describing the company that an external user comes from. The maximum length is 64 characters.Returned only on $select. Supports $filter (eq, ne, not, ge, le, in, startsWith, and eq on null values).
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the user. Used when either creating or updating a user account.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `given_name` (String) The given name for the user. Used when either creating or updating a user account.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mail` (String) The primary email address of the user. Used when either creating or updating a user account.
- `mail_nickname` (String) The mail alias for the user. Used when either creating or updating a user account.
- `mobile_phone` (String) Mobile phone number of the user. Used when either creating or updating a user account.
- `object_id` (String) The object id for the user. Updates or deletes the user who has this object ID. Mutually exclusive with *user_principal_name*, *attribute_name*, and *odata_filter*.
- `odata_filter` (String) Filter that can be used to specify a user to update or delete. Mutually exclusive with *object_id*, *attribute_name*, and *user_principal_name*.
- `on_premises_extension_attributes` (String) Contains extensionAttributes1-15 for the user. These extension attributes are also known as Exchange custom attributes 1-15. For an onPremisesSyncEnabled user, the source of authority for this set of properties is the on-premises and is read-only. For a cloud-only user (where onPremisesSyncEnabled is false), these properties can be set during the creation or update of a user object. For a cloud-only user previously synced from on-premises Active Directory, these properties are read-only in Microsoft Graph\ but can be fully managed through the Exchange Admin Center or the Exchange Online V2 module in PowerShell.
- `on_premises_immutable_id` (String) The on_premises_immutable_id of the user. Used when either creating or updating a user account.
- `password_force_change` (Boolean) Whether or not the user will be forced to change their password at next logon. If unspecified, Azure defaults this to true for new users. Used when either creating or updating a user account.
- `password_force_change_mfa` (Boolean) Identical behavior to password_force_change except multi-factor authentication (MFA) must be performed prior to changing the password. Used when either creating or updating a user account.
- `password_profile` (String) The password for the user. Used when either creating or updating a user account.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the ad user. Use `present` to create or update an ad user and `absent` to delete an ad user.
- `surname` (String) The surname for the user. Used when either creating or updating a user account.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `usage_location` (String) A two letter country code, ISO standard 3166. Required for a user that will be assigned licenses due to legal requirement to check for availability of services in countries. Used when either creating or updating a user account.
- `user_principal_name` (String) The principal name of the user. Creates, updates, or deletes the user who has this principal name. Mutually exclusive with *object_id*, *attribute_name*, and *odata_filter*.
- `user_type` (String) A string value that can be used to classify user types in your directory, such as Member and Guest. Used when either creating or updating a user account.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
