---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_iotdevicemodule Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_iotdevicemodule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device` (String) Device name the module associate with.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `hub` (String) Name of IoT Hub.
- `hub_policy_key` (String) Key of the *hub_policy_name*.
- `hub_policy_name` (String) Policy name of the IoT Hub which will be used to query from IoT hub. This policy should have at least 'Registry Read' access.
- `name` (String) Name of the IoT hub device identity.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_method` (String) The authorization type an entity is to be created with.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `desired` (String) Used along with reported properties to synchronize device configuration or conditions. The tag can be nested dictionary, '.', '$', '#', ' ' is not allowed in the key. List is not supported.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `primary_key` (String) Explicit self-signed certificate thumbprint to use for primary key. Explicit Shared Private Key to use for primary key.
- `secondary_key` (String) Explicit self-signed certificate thumbprint to use for secondary key. Explicit Shared Private Key to use for secondary key.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the IoT hub. Use `present` to create or update an IoT hub device and `absent` to delete an IoT hub device.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `twin_tags` (String) A section that the solution back end can read from and write to. Tags are not visible to device apps. The tag can be nested dictionary, '.', '$', '#', ' ' is not allowed in the key. List is not supported.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `module` (String) IoT Hub device.
