---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_sqlmidblongtermretentionpolicy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_sqlmidblongtermretentionpolicy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database_name` (String) The name of the SQL managed instance database.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `managed_instance_name` (String) The name of the SQL managed instance.
- `policy_name` (String) The name of the SQL managed instance long term retention policy.
- `resource_group` (String) The name of the resource group that contains the resource.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `monthly_retention` (String) The monthly retention policy for an LTR backup in an ISO 8601 format.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `week_of_year` (Number) The week of year to take the yearly backup in an ISO 8601 format.
- `weekly_retention` (String) The weekly retention policy for an LTR backup in an ISO 8601 format.
- `yearly_retention` (String) The yearly retention policy for an LTR backup in an ISO 8601 format.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `long_term_retention_policy` (String) A dictionary containing facts for SQL Managed Instance Short Term Retention Policies.
