---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_storageblob Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_storageblob (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `container` (String) Name of a blob container within the storage account.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `resource_group` (String) Name of the resource group to use.
- `storage_account_name` (String) Name of the storage account to use.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_mode` (String) The mode in which to run the command. `login` mode will directly use your login credentials for the authentication. The legacy `key` mode will attempt to query for an account key if no authentication parameters for the account are provided. Can also be set via the environment variable `AZURE_STORAGE_AUTH_MODE`.
- `batch_upload_dst` (String) Base directory in container when upload batch of files.
- `batch_upload_src` (String) Batch upload source directory. Use with state `present` to upload batch of files under the directory.
- `blob` (String) Name of a blob object within the container.
- `blob_type` (String) Type of blob object.
- `cache_control` (String) Set the blob cache-control header.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content_disposition` (String) Set the blob content-disposition header.
- `content_encoding` (String) Set the blob encoding header.
- `content_language` (String) Set the blob content-language header.
- `content_md5` (String) Set the blob md5 hash value.
- `content_type` (String) Set the blob content-type header. For example `image/png`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dest` (String) Destination file path. Use with state `present` to download a blob.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Overwrite existing blob or file when uploading or downloading. Force deletion of a container that contains blobs.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `public_access` (String) A container's level of public access. By default containers are private. Can only be set at time of container creation. The *public_access* parameter should not be set for private access. If *public_access* is not configured, access level is by default private. It can not be set explicitely to private.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_url` (String) HTTP/HTTPS URL of the source file to copy directly into the blob. The source must be publicly accessible, or authenticated via a shared access signature (SAS) appended to the URL, or via bearer token on supported Azure sources. Only supported for block blobs.
- `src` (String) Source file path. Use with state `present` to upload a blob.
- `standard_blob_tier` (String) Specifies the blob tier to set the blob to. This is only applicable for block blobs on standard storage accounts.
- `state` (String) State of a container or blob. Use state `absent` with a container value only to delete a container. Include a blob value to remove a specific blob. A container will not be deleted, if it contains blobs. Use the *force* option to override, deleting the container and all associated blobs. Use state `present` to create or update a container and upload or download a blob. If the container does not exist, it will be created. If it exists, it will be updated with configuration options. Provide a blob name and either src or dest to upload or download. Provide a src path to upload and a dest path to download. If a blob (uploading) or a file (downloading) already exists, it will not be overwritten unless *force=true*.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
