---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_virtualwan Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_virtualwan (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the VirtualWAN being retrieved.
- `resource_group` (String) The resource group name of the VirtualWan.

### Optional

- `allow_branch_to_branch_traffic` (Boolean) True if branch to branch traffic is allowed.
- `allow_vnet_to_vnet_traffic` (Boolean) `True` if Vnet to Vnet traffic is allowed.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disable_vpn_encryption` (Boolean) Vpn encryption to be disabled or not.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `location` (String) The virtual wan location.
- `office365_local_breakout_category` (String) Specifies the Office365 local breakout category. Default value is `None`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the VirtualWan. Use `present` to create or update an VirtualWan and `absent` to delete it.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `virtual_hubs` (String) List of VirtualHubs in the VirtualWAN.
- `virtual_wan_type` (String) The type of the VirtualWAN.
- `vpn_sites` (String) List of VpnSites in the VirtualWAN.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
