---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_sqlserver Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_sqlserver (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the server.
- `resource_group` (String) The name of the resource group that contains the resource. You can obtain this value from the Azure Resource Manager API or the portal.

### Optional

- `admin_password` (String) Password of the SQL administrator account for server (required for server creation).
- `admin_username` (String) Username of the SQL administrator account for server. Once created it cannot be changed.
- `administrators` (String) The Azure Active Directory identity of the server.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `change_admin_password` (Boolean) Whether or not the *admin_password* should be updated for an existing server. If `true`, the password is the only value which will be updated.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `identity` (String) Specifies the managed identity to be used with SqlServer. If a string, the Managed identity type is based on the name. Possible values include `SystemAssigned` and `None`. If a dict with the keys *type*, *user_assigned_identities* Possible values for *type* include `SystemAssigned, C(UserAssigned`, `SystemAssigned, UserAssigned`, and `None`. Possible values for *user_assigned_identities* include a dict with *id* and *append*. Possible values for *id* is a list of user assigned identities ID's Possible values for *append* is a boolean of True to append identities or False to overwrite with new *id*'s. The string format is (deprecated) and the new dict format should be used going forward.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `location` (String) Resource location.
- `minimal_tls_version` (String) Require clients to use a specified TLS version.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `primary_user_assigned_identity_id` (String) Specifies the primary User Assigned Identity to use. This is required if you are using Managed Identity type of UserAssigned
- `public_network_access` (String) Whether or not public endpoint access is allowed for the server.
- `restrict_outbound_network_access` (String) Whether or not to restrict outbound network access for this server.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the SQL server. Use `present` to create or update a server and use `absent` to delete a server.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `version` (String) The version of the server. For example `12.0`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `fully_qualified_domain_name` (String) The fully qualified domain name of the server.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
