---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_keyvault Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_keyvault (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `resource_group` (String) The name of the Resource Group to which the server belongs.

### Optional

- `access_policies` (String) An array of 0 to 16 identities that have access to the key vault. All identities in the array must use the same tenant ID as the key vault's tenant ID. It is mutually exclusive with *hsm_name*
- `administrators` (String) List of administrator OID's for data plane operations for Managed HSM. It is mutually exclusive with *vault_name*
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable_purge_protection` (Boolean) Property specifying whether protection against purge is enabled for this vault.
- `enable_rbac_authorization` (Boolean) Property that controls how data actions are authorized. When *enable_rbac_authorization=true*, the key vault will use Role Based Access Control (RBAC) for authorization of data actions, and the access policies specified in vault properties will be  ignored. When *enable_rbac_authorization=false*, the key vault will use the access policies specified in vault properties, and any policy stored on Azure Resource Manager will be ignored. If null or not specified, the value of this property will not change. Starting with API version 2026-02-01, Azure defaults this to true (RBAC) if not specified.
- `enable_soft_delete` (Boolean) Property to specify whether the soft delete functionality is enabled for this key vault.
- `enabled_for_deployment` (Boolean) Property to specify whether Azure Virtual Machines are permitted to retrieve certificates stored as secrets from the key vault. It is mutually exclusive with *hsm_name*
- `enabled_for_disk_encryption` (Boolean) Property to specify whether Azure Disk Encryption is permitted to retrieve secrets from the vault and unwrap keys. It is mutually exclusive with *hsm_name*
- `enabled_for_template_deployment` (Boolean) Property to specify whether Azure Resource Manager is permitted to retrieve secrets from the key vault. It is mutually exclusive with *hsm_name*
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hsm_name` (String) Name of the HSM. It is mutually exclusive with *vault_name*
- `identity` (String) Identity for the HSM, not valid for vault_name. It is mutually exclusive with *vault_name*
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_purge_deleted` (Boolean) Whether permanently deletes the specified vault. aka Purges the deleted Azure key vault Default value is `True` When *is_purge_deleted* is specified, the *location* has to be configured. If not configured, the default locatioin of the resource group will be used.
- `location` (String) Resource location. If not set, location from the resource group will be used as default.
- `network_acls` (String) A collection of rules governing the accessibility of the vault from specific network locations.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `public_network_access` (String) Property to specify whether the vault will accept traffic from public internet.
- `recover_mode` (Boolean) Create vault in recovery mode.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sku` (String) SKU details.
- `soft_delete_retention_in_days` (Number) Property specifying the number of days to retain deleted vaults.
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the KeyVault. Use `present` to create or update an KeyVault and `absent` to delete it.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vault_name` (String) Name of the vault. It is mutually exclusive with *hsm_name*
- `vault_tenant` (String) The Azure Active Directory tenant ID that should be used for authenticating requests to the key vault.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
