---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_virtualnetworkpeering Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_virtualnetworkpeering (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual network peering.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of a resource group where the vnet exists.
- `virtual_network` (String) Name or resource ID of the virtual network to be peered.

### Optional

- `allow_forwarded_traffic` (Boolean) Allows forwarded traffic from the VMs in the remote VNet.
- `allow_gateway_transit` (Boolean) Allows VNet to use the remote VNet's gateway. Remote VNet gateway must have --allow-gateway-transit enabled for remote peering. Only 1 peering can have this flag enabled. Cannot be set if the VNet already has a gateway.
- `allow_virtual_network_access` (Boolean) Allows VMs in the remote VNet to access all VMs in the local VNet.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remote_virtual_network` (String) Remote virtual network to be peered. It can be name of remote virtual network in same resource group. It can be remote virtual network resource ID. It can be a dict which contains *name* and *resource_group* of remote virtual network. It also can be a dict which contains *name*, *resource_group* and *subscription_id* of remote virtual network. Required when creating.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the virtual network peering. Use `present` to create or update a peering and `absent` to delete it.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_remote_gateways` (Boolean) If remote gateways can be used on this virtual network.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `peering_sync_level` (String) The Sync Level of the Peering
