---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_publicipprefix Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_publicipprefix (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the Public IP prefix.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of resource group with which the Public IP prefix is associated.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `custom_ip_prefix` (String) The Custom IP prefix that this prefix is associated with.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `extended_location` (String) The extended location of the public ip address.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_tags` (String) The list of tags associated with the public IP prefix.
- `location` (String) Valid Azure location. Defaults to location of the resource group.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prefix_length` (Number) The Length of the Public IP Prefix.
- `public_ip_address_version` (String) The public IP address version.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sku` (String) The public IP prefix SKU.
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the Public IP. Use `present` to create or update a and `absent` to delete.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `zones` (String) A list of availability zones denoting the IP prefix allocated for the resource needs to come from.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
