---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_keyvaultkey Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_keyvaultkey (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `key_name` (String) Name of the keyvault key.
- `keyvault_uri` (String) URI of the keyvault endpoint.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `byok_file` (String) BYOK file.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `curve` (String) Elliptic curve name. For valid values, see JsonWebKeyCurveName. Possible values include P-256, P-384, P-521, P-256K.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key_attributes` (String) The attributes of a key managed by the key vault service.
- `key_size` (Number) The key size in bits. For example 2048, 3072, or 4096 for RSA.
- `key_type` (String) The type of key to create. For valid values, see JsonWebKeyType. Possible values include EC, EC-HSM, RSA, RSA-HSM, oct
- `pem_file` (String) PEM file.
- `pem_password` (String) PEM password.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the key. Use `present` to create a key and `absent` to delete a key.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
