---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_virtualnetworkgatewayconnection Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_virtualnetworkgatewayconnection (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the network gateway connection.
- `resource_group` (String) The network gateway connection's resource group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authorization_key` (String) The authorizationKey.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connection_protocol` (String) Connection protocol used for this connection.
- `connection_type` (String) Gateway connection type.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dpd_timeout_seconds` (Number) The dead peer detection timeout of this connection in seconds.
- `enable_bgp` (Boolean) EnableBgp flag.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `express_route_gateway_bypass` (Boolean) Bypass ExpressRoute Gateway for data forwarding.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `local_network_gateway2` (String) The reference to local network gateway resource.
- `location` (String) The location of the network gateway connection.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `routing_weight` (Number) The routing weight.
- `shared_key` (String) The IPSec shared key.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `present` to create or update a virtual network gateway connection. Use `absent` to delete the virtual network gateway connection.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_local_azure_ip_address` (Boolean) Use private local Azure IP for the connection.
- `use_policy_based_traffic_selectors` (Boolean) Enable policy-based traffic selectors.
- `virtual_network_gateway1` (String) The reference to virtual network gateway resource.
- `virtual_network_gateway2` (String) The reference to virtual network gateway resource.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
