---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_virtualmachinescaleset_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_virtualmachinescaleset_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `format` (String) Format of the data returned. If `raw` is selected information will be returned in raw format from Azure Python SDK. If `curated` is selected the structure will be identical to input parameters of `azure.azcollection.azure_rm_virtualmachinescaleset` module. In Ansible 2.5 and lower facts are always returned in raw format. Please note that this option will be deprecated in 2.10 when curated format will become the only supported format.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Limit results to a specific virtual machine scale set.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resource_group` (String) The resource group to search for the desired virtual machine scale set.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vmss` (String) List of virtual machine scale sets.
