---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_aduser_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_aduser_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `all` (Boolean) If `True`, will return all users in tenant. If `False` will return no users. It is recommended that you instead identify a subset of users and use filter. Mutually exclusive with *object_id*, *attribute_name*, *odata_filter* and *user_principal_name*.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attribute_name` (String) The name of an attribute that you want to match to attribute_value. If *attribute_name* is not a collection type it will return users where *attribute_name* is equal to *attribute_value*. If *attribute_name* is a collection type it will return users where *attribute_value* is in *attribute_name*. Mutually exclusive with *object_id*, *user_principal_name*, *odata_filter* and *all*. Required together with *attribute_value*.
- `attribute_value` (String) The value to match attribute_name to. If *attribute_name* is not a collection type it will return users where *attribute_name* is equal to *attribute_value*. If *attribute_name* is a collection type it will return users where *attribute_value* is in *attribute_name*. Required together with *attribute_name*.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `object_id` (String) The object id for the user. returns the user who has this object ID. Mutually exclusive with *user_principal_name*, *attribute_name*, *odata_filter* and *all*.
- `odata_filter` (String) Returns users based on the the OData filter passed into this parameter. Mutually exclusive with *object_id*, *attribute_name*, *user_principal_name* and *all*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_principal_name` (String) The principal name of the user. returns the user who has this principal name. Mutually exclusive with *object_id*, *attribute_name*, *odata_filter* and *all*.

### Read-Only

- `account_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the account is enabled.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `company_name` (String) The name of the company that the user is associated with.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the user.
- `given_name` (String) The given name of the user.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `mail` (String) The primary email address of the user.
- `mail_nickname` (String) The mail alias for the user.
- `mobile_phone` (String) The mobile phone number of the user.
- `on_premises_extension_attributes` (String) Contains extensionAttributes1-15 for the user. These extension attributes are also known as Exchange custom attributes 1-15. For an onPremisesSyncEnabled user, the source of authority for this set of properties is the on-premises and is read-only. For a cloud-only user (where onPremisesSyncEnabled is false), these properties can be set during the creation or update of a user object. For a cloud-only user previously synced from on-premises Active Directory, these properties are read-only in Microsoft Graph/ but can be fully managed through the Exchange Admin Center or the Exchange Online V2 module in PowerShell.
- `surname` (String) The surname of the user.
- `user_type` (String) A string value that can be used to classify user types in your directory.
