---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_adapplication Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_adapplication (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the application.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `allow_guests_sign_in` (Boolean) A property on the application to indicate if the application accepts other IDPs or not or partially accepts.
- `app_id` (String) Application ID.
- `app_roles` (String) Declare the roles you want to associate with your application.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `credential_description` (String) The description of the password.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `end_date` (String) Date or datetime after which credentials expire(e.g. '2017-12-31'). Default value is one year after current time.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `homepage` (String) The url where users can sign in and use your app.
- `identifier_uris` (String) Space-separated unique URIs that Azure AD can use for this app.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key_type` (String) The type of the key credentials associated with the application.
- `key_usage` (String) The usage of the key credentials associated with the application.
- `key_value` (String) The value for the key credentials associated with the application.
- `native_app` (Boolean) An application which can be installed on a user's device or computer.
- `notes` (String) Notes relevant for the management of the application.
- `oauth2_allow_implicit_flow` (Boolean) Whether to allow implicit grant flow for OAuth2.
- `optional_claims` (String) Declare the optional claims for the application.
- `password` (String) App password, aka 'client secret'.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `public_client_reply_urls` (String) The public client redirect urls. Space-separated URIs to which Azure AD will redirect in response to an OAuth 2.0 request. The value does not need to be a physical endpoint, but must be a valid URI.
- `required_resource_accesses` (String) Resource scopes and roles the application requires access to. Should be in manifest json format.
- `sign_in_audience` (String) The application can be used from any Azure AD tenants. Microsoft Graph SDK deprecate *available_to_other_tenants*, replace by *sign_in_audience*. Refer to link https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/migrate-azure-ad-graph-property-differences#application-property-differences
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `spa_reply_urls` (String) The spa redirect urls. Space-separated URIs to which Azure AD will redirect in response to an OAuth 2.0 request. The value does not need to be a physical endpoint, but must be a valid URI.
- `start_date` (String) Date or datetime at which credentials become valid, such as '2017-01-01'. Default value is current time.
- `state` (String) Assert the state of Active Dirctory service principal. Use `present` to create or update a Password and use `absent` to delete.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `web_reply_urls` (String) The web redirect urls. Space-separated URIs to which Azure AD will redirect in response to an OAuth 2.0 request. The value does not need to be a physical endpoint, but must be a valid URI.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `object_id` (String) Object ID of the application
