---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_dedicatedhost Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_dedicatedhost (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_group_name` (String) The name of the host group.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the dedicated host.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of resource group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_replace_on_failure` (Boolean) Specifies whether the dedicated host should be replaced automatically in case of a failure. The value is defaulted to `true` when not provided.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_restart` (Boolean) Wether to restart the dedicated host.
- `license_type` (String) Specifies the software license type that will be applied to the VMs deployed on the dedicated host.
- `location` (String) Valid Azure location for dedicated host. Defaults to location of resource group.
- `platform_fault_domain` (Number) Fault domain of the dedicated host within a dedicated host group.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sku` (String) SKU of the dedicated host for Hardware Generation and VM family. Only `name` is required to be set
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the host group. Use `present` to create or update and `absent` to delete.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
