---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_storageshare Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_storageshare (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_name` (String) Name of the parent storage account for the storage file share.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the storage file share to delete or create.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of the resource group to use.

### Optional

- `access_tier` (String) The access tier determines the price and in some cases also the performance of a file share. TransactionOptimized if not set.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enabled_protocols` (String) The authentication protocol that is used for the file share. Can only be specified when creating a share.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `metadata` (String) A name-value pair to associate with the container as metadata.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `quota` (Number) The maximum size of the file share, in gigabytes. Must be greater than 0, and less than or equal to 5TB (5120). For large file shares, the maximum size is 102400. By default 102400
- `root_squash` (String) The property is for NFS share only. The default is `NoRootSquash`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the storage file share. Use 'present' to create or update a storage file share and use 'absent' to delete a file share.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
