---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_monitorscheduledqueryrules Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_monitorscheduledqueryrules (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the scheduled query rule you're creating/changing
- `resource_group` (String) The name of the resource group

### Optional

- `action` (String) The actions that will activate when the condition is met
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_mitigate` (Boolean) The flag that indicates whether the alert should be automatically resolved or not.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the Log Search rule.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the alert rule.
- `enabled` (String) The flag which indicates whether the Log Search rule is enabled.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `location` (String) Location of the scheduled query rule Scheduled query rules are usually reside at the location of your log analytics workspace.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `schedule` (String) Schedule (Frequency, Time Window) for rule. Required for action type - AlertingAction.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) Data Source against which rule will Query Data.
- `state` (String) State of the scheduled query rule Use `present` for creating/updating a scheduled query rule. Use `absent` for deleting a scheduled query rule.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `scheduledqueryrule` (String) Details of the scheduled query rule Is null on state==absent (scheduled query rule does not exist or will be deleted) Assumes you make legal changes in check mode
