---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_keyvaultsecuritydomain Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_keyvaultsecuritydomain (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `sd_quorum` (Number) The minimum number of shares required to decrypt the security domain for recovery. The quorum of security domain should be in range [2, 10].
- `sd_wrapping_keys` (String) List of wrapping keys containing public keys. The number of wrapping keys should be in range [3, 10].

### Optional

- `action` (String) Action to take on Security Domain. Use `download` to download security domain file and `upload` to restore the HSM.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hsm_name` (String) Name of the HSM.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `keyvault_uri` (String) URI of the keyvault endpoint.
- `no_wait` (Boolean) Don't wait for the operation to finish
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `security_domain` (String) JSON blob
