---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_containerinstance Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_containerinstance (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the container group.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of resource group.

### Optional

- `acr_identity` (String) The Identity to use for access to the registry server.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `containers` (String) List of containers. Required when creation.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dns_name_label` (String) The Dns name label for the IP.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_update` (Boolean) Force update of existing container instance. Any update will result in deletion and recreation of existing containers.
- `identity` (String) Identity for the Server.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address type of the container group. Default is `none` and creating an instance without public IP.
- `location` (String) Valid azure location. Defaults to location of the resource group.
- `os_type` (String) The OS type of containers.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `ports` (String) List of ports exposed within the container group. This option is deprecated, using *ports* under *containers*".
- `registry_login_server` (String) The container image registry login server.
- `registry_password` (String) The password to log in container image registry server.
- `registry_username` (String) The username to log in container image registry server.
- `restart_policy` (String) Restart policy for all containers within the container group.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the container instance. Use `present` to create or update an container instance and `absent` to delete it.
- `subnet_ids` (String) The subnet resource IDs for a container group. Multiple subnets are not yet supported. Only 1 subnet can be used.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `volumes` (String) List of Volumes that can be mounted by containers in this container group.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `provisioning_state` (String) Provisioning state of the container.
