---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_iotdevice_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_iotdevice_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `hub` (String) Name of IoT Hub.
- `hub_policy_key` (String) Key of the *hub_policy_name*.
- `hub_policy_name` (String) Policy name of the IoT Hub which will be used to query from IoT hub. This policy should have at least 'Registry Read' access.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `module_id` (String) Name of the IoT hub device module. Must use with *device_id* defined.
- `name` (String) Name of the IoT hub device identity.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `query` (String) Query an IoT hub to retrieve information regarding device twins using a SQL-like language. See https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-devguide-query-language.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `top` (Number) Used when *name* not defined. List the top n devices in the query.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `iot_devices` (String) IoT Hub device.
