---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_lock_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_lock_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `managed_resource_id` (String) ID of the resource where need to manage the lock. Get this via facts module. Cannot be set mutual with *resource_group*. Manage subscription if both *managed_resource_id* and *resource_group* not defined. '/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}' for subscriptions. '/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourcegroups/{resourceGroupName}' for resource groups. '/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourcegroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/{namespace}/{resourceType}/{resourceName}' for resources. Can get all locks with 'child scope' for this resource, use *managed_resource_id* in response for further management.
- `name` (String) Name of the lock.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resource_group` (String) Resource group name where need to manage the lock. The lock is in the resource group level. Cannot be set mutual with *managed_resource_id*. Query subscription if both *managed_resource_id* and *resource_group* not defined. Can get all locks with 'child scope' in this resource group, use the *managed_resource_id* in response for further management.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `locks` (String) List of locks dicts.
