---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_afdroute Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_afdroute (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `endpoint_name` (String) Name of the endpoint under the profile which is unique globally.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the routing rule.
- `profile_name` (String) Name of the Azure Front Door Standard or Azure Front Door Premium profile which is unique within the resource group.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content_types_to_compress` (String) The caching configuration/compression settings for this route. List of content types (str) on which compression applies. The value should be a valid MIME type. Required together (is_compression_enabled, content_types_to_compress, query_string_caching_behavior, query_parameters)
- `custom_domains` (String) Domain names referenced by this endpoint. ID will be looked up based on the name.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disable_cache_configuration` (Boolean) To disable cache configuration, set this to true and do not include cache_configuration. This will override any cache_configuration settings you include.
- `enabled_state` (String) Whether to enable use of this rule. Permitted values are 'Enabled' or 'Disabled'.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `forwarding_protocol` (String) Protocol this rule will use when forwarding traffic to backends.
- `https_redirect` (String) Whether to automatically redirect HTTP traffic to HTTPS traffic.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_compression_enabled` (Boolean) The caching configuration/compression settings for this route. Indicates whether content compression is enabled on AzureFrontDoor. If compression is enabled, content will be served as compressed if user requests for a compressed version. Content won't be compressed on AzureFrontDoor when requested content is smaller than 1 byte or larger than 1 MB. Required together (is_compression_enabled, content_types_to_compress, query_string_caching_behavior, query_parameters)
- `link_to_default_domain` (String) whether this route will be linked to the default endpoint domain.
- `origin_group` (String) A reference to the origin group.
- `origin_path` (String) A directory path on the origin that AzureFrontDoor can use to retrieve content from, e.g. contoso.cloudapp.net/originpath.
- `patterns_to_match` (String) The route patterns of the rule.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `query_parameters` (String) The caching configuration for this route. query parameters to include or exclude (comma separated). Required together (is_compression_enabled, content_types_to_compress, query_string_caching_behavior, query_parameters)
- `query_string_caching_behavior` (String) The caching configuration for this route. Defines how Frontdoor caches requests that include query strings. You can ignore any query strings when caching, ignore specific query strings, cache every request with a unique URL, or cache specific query strings. Required together (is_compression_enabled, content_types_to_compress, query_string_caching_behavior, query_parameters)
- `rule_sets` (String) List of rule set names referenced by this endpoint.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the Route. Use `present` to create or update a CDN profile and `absent` to delete it.
- `supported_protocols` (String) List of supported protocols for this route.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
