---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_virtualmachinescaleset Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_virtualmachinescaleset (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual machine.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of the resource group containing the virtual machine scale set.

### Optional

- `admin_password` (String) Password for the admin username. Not required if the os_type is Linux and SSH password authentication is disabled by setting *ssh_password_enabled=false*.
- `admin_username` (String) Admin username used to access the host after it is created. Required when creating a VM.
- `application_gateway` (String) Application gateway name.
- `application_security_groups` (String) Specifies an array of references to application security group. Resource ID of the application security group.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `capacity` (Number) Capacity of VMSS.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `custom_data` (String) Data which is made available to the virtual machine and used by e.g., `cloud-init`. Many images in the marketplace are not cloud-init ready. Thus, data sent to *custom_data* would be ignored. If the image you are attempting to use is not listed in https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/linux/using-cloud-init#cloud-init-overview, follow these steps https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/linux/cloudinit-prepare-custom-image.
- `data_disks` (String) Describes list of data disks.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable_accelerated_networking` (Boolean) Indicates whether user wants to allow accelerated networking for virtual machines in scaleset being created.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `ephemeral_os_disk` (Boolean) Parameters of ephemeral disk settings that can be specified for operating system disk. Ephemeral OS disk is only supported for VMS Instances using Managed Disk.
- `eviction_policy` (String) Specifies the eviction policy for the Azure Spot virtual machine. Requires priority to be set to Spot.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `image` (String) Specifies the image used to build the VM. If a string, the image is sourced from a custom image based on the name. If a dict with the keys *publisher*, *offer*, *sku*, and *version*, the image is sourced from a Marketplace image. Note that set *version=latest* to get the most recent version of a given image. If a dict with the keys *name* and *resource_group*, the image is sourced from a custom image based on the *name* and *resource_group* set. Note that the key *resource_group* is optional and if omitted, all images in the subscription will be searched for by *name*. Custom image support was added in Ansible 2.5. For community images, a dict with the keys *community_gallery_image_id*. Specified the community gallery image unique id for vm demployment. The *community_gallery_image_id* can be fetched from shared gallery image GET call. Required when creating.
- `load_balancer` (String) Load balancer name.
- `location` (String) Valid Azure location. Defaults to location of the resource group.
- `managed_disk_type` (String) Managed disk type.
- `max_price` (Number) Specifies the maximum price you are willing to pay for a Azure Spot VM/VMSS. This price is in US Dollars. `-1` indicates default price to be up-to on-demand. Requires priority to be set to Spot.
- `orchestration_mode` (String) Specifies the orchestration mode for the virtual machine scale set. When *orchestration_mode=Flexible*, *public_ip_per_vm=True* must be set. When *orchestration_mode=Flexible*, *platform_fault_domain_count* must be set. When *orchestration_mode=Flexible*, *single_placement_group=False* must be set. When *orchestration_mode=Flexible*, it cannot be configured *overprovision*. When *orchestration_mode=Flexible*, it cannot be configured *upgrade_policy* and configured when *orchestration_mode=Uniform*.
- `os_disk_caching` (String) Type of OS disk caching.
- `os_disk_encryption_set` (String) The resource ID of the disk encryption set for the OS disk.
- `os_disk_size_gb` (Number) Specifies the size of the operating system disk in gigabytes. This can be used to overwrite the size of the disk in a virtual machine image.
- `os_type` (String) Base type of operating system.
- `overprovision` (Boolean) Specifies whether the Virtual Machine Scale Set should be overprovisioned.
- `plan` (String) Third-party billing plan for the VM.
- `platform_fault_domain_count` (Number) Fault Domain count for each placement group.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `priority` (String) Priority of the VMSS. `None` is the equivalent of Regular VM.
- `private_ip_address_version` (String) Available from Api-Version 2017-03-30 onwards, it represents whether the specific ipconfiguration is `IPv4` or `IPv6`. Default is taken as IPv4.
- `public_ip_per_vm` (Boolean) Assign a public IP to each virtual machine of the scale set
- `remove_on_absent` (String) When removing a VM using *state=absent*, also remove associated resources. It can be `all` or a list with any of the following ['network_interfaces', 'virtual_storage', 'public_ips']. Any other input will be ignored.
- `scale_in_policy` (String) define the order in which vmss instances are scaled-in
- `security_group` (String) Existing security group with which to associate the subnet. It can be the security group name which is in the same resource group. It can be the resource ID. It can be a dict which contains *name* and *resource_group* of the security group.
- `security_profile` (String) Specifies the Security related profile settings for the virtual machine sclaset.
- `short_hostname` (String) Short host name.
- `single_placement_group` (Boolean) When true this limits the scale set to a single placement group, of max size 100 virtual machines.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssh_password_enabled` (Boolean) When the os_type is Linux, setting *ssh_password_enabled=false* will disable SSH password authentication and require use of SSH keys.
- `ssh_public_keys` (String) For *os_type=Linux* provide a list of SSH keys. Each item in the list should be a dictionary where the dictionary contains two keys, `path` and `key_data`. Set the `path` to the default location of the authorized_keys files. On an Enterprise Linux host, for example, the *path=/home/<admin username>/.ssh/authorized_keys*. Set `key_data` to the actual value of the public key.
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the virtual machine scale set. State `present` will check that the machine exists with the requested configuration. If the configuration of the existing machine does not match, the machine will be updated. State `absent` will remove the virtual machine scale set.
- `subnet_name` (String) Subnet name.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `terminate_event_timeout_minutes` (Number) timeout time for termination notification event in range between 5 and 15
- `tier` (String) SKU Tier.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `upgrade_policy` (String) Upgrade policy. Required when creating the Azure virtual machine scale sets.
- `virtual_network_name` (String) Virtual Network name.
- `virtual_network_resource_group` (String) When creating a virtual machine, if a specific virtual network from another resource group should be used. Use this parameter to specify the resource group to use.
- `vm_size` (String) A valid Azure VM size value. For example, `Standard_D4`. The list of choices varies depending on the subscription and location. Check your subscription for available choices.
- `zones` (String) A list of Availability Zones for your virtual machine scale set.

### Read-Only

- `azure_vmss` (String) Facts about the current state of the object. Note that facts are not part of the registered output but available directly.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
