---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_sqldatabase Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_sqldatabase (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the database to be operated on (updated or created).
- `resource_group` (String) The name of the resource group that contains the resource. You can obtain this value from the Azure Resource Manager API or the portal.
- `server_name` (String) The name of the server.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `collation` (String) The collation of the database. If not *create_mode=default*, this value is ignored.
- `create_mode` (String) Specifies the mode of database creation. `default`, regular database creation. `copy`, creates a database as a copy of an existing database. `online_secondary`/`non_readable_secondary`, creates a database as a (readable or nonreadable) secondary replica of an existing database. `point_in_time_restore`, Creates a database by restoring a point in time backup of an existing database. `recovery`, Creates a database by restoring a geo-replicated backup. `restore`, Creates a database by restoring a backup of a deleted database. `restore_long_term_retention_backup`, Creates a database by restoring from a long term retention vault. `copy`, `non_readable_secondary`, `online_secondary` and `restore_long_term_retention_backup` are not supported for `data_warehouse` edition.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `edition` (String) (Deprecate)The edition of the database. The DatabaseEditions enumeration contains all the valid editions. This option will be deprecated in 2.11, use *sku* instead. Cannot set `sku` when this field set.
- `elastic_pool_name` (String) The name of the elastic pool the database is in. Not supported for *edition=data_warehouse*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_update` (Boolean) SQL Database will be updated if given parameters differ from existing resource state. To force SQL Database update in any circumstances set this parameter to True.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `location` (String) Resource location. If not set, location from the resource group will be used as default.
- `max_size_bytes` (String) The max size of the database expressed in bytes. If not *create_mode=default*, this value is ignored. To see possible values, query the capabilities API (/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/locations/{locationID}/capabilities). referred to by operationId:'Capabilities_ListByLocation'.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `read_scale` (Boolean) If the database is a geo-secondary, indicates whether read-only connections are allowed to this database or not. Not supported for *edition=data_warehouse*.
- `recovery_services_recovery_point_resource_id` (String) Required if *create_mode=restore_long_term_retention_backup*, then this value is required. Specifies the resource ID of the recovery point to restore from.
- `restore_point_in_time` (String) Required if *create_mode=point_in_time_restore*, this value is required. If *create_mode=restore*, this value is optional. Specifies the point in time (ISO8601 format) of the source database that will be restored to create the new database. Must be greater than or equal to the source database's earliestRestoreDate value.
- `sample_name` (String) Indicates the name of the sample schema to apply when creating this database. If not *create_mode=default*, this value is ignored. Not supported for *edition=data_warehouse*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sku` (String) The sku of the database. The DatabaseEditions enumeration contains all the valid sku. If *create_mode=non_readable_secondary* or *create_mode=online_secondary*, this value is ignored. To see possible values, query the capabilities API (/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/locations/{locationID}/capabilities) referred to by operationId:'Capabilities_ListByLocation'. Cannot set `edition` when this field set.
- `source_database_deletion_date` (String) Required if *create_mode=restore* and *source_database_id* is the deleted database's original resource id when it existed (as opposed to its current restorable dropped database ID), then this value is required. Specifies the time that the database was deleted.
- `source_database_id` (String) Required unless *create_mode=default* or *create_mode=restore_long_term_retention_backup*. Specifies the resource ID of the source database.
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the SQL Database. Use `present` to create or update an SQL Database and `absent` to delete it.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `zone_redundant` (Boolean) Is this database is zone redundant? It means the replicas of this database will be spread across multiple availability zones.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `database_id` (String) The ID of the database.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `status` (String) The status of the database.
