---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_cosmosdbaccount Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_cosmosdbaccount (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Cosmos DB database account name.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of an Azure resource group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `consistency_policy` (String) The consistency policy for the Cosmos DB account.
- `database_account_offer_type` (String) Database account offer type, for example *Standard* Required when *state=present*.
- `default_identity` (String) The primary identity to access key vault in CMK related features. e.g. 'FirstPartyIdentity', 'SystemAssignedIdentity' and more. User-assigned identities are specified in format 'UserAssignedIdentity=<resource ID of the user-assigned identity>'.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable_automatic_failover` (Boolean) Enables automatic failover of the write region in the rare event that the region is unavailable due to an outage. Automatic failover will result in a new write region for the account and is chosen based on the failover priorities configured for the account.
- `enable_cassandra` (Boolean) Enable Cassandra.
- `enable_free_tier` (Boolean) If enabled the account is free-tier.
- `enable_gremlin` (Boolean) Enable Gremlin.
- `enable_multiple_write_locations` (Boolean) Enables the account to write in multiple locations
- `enable_table` (Boolean) Enable Table.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `geo_rep_locations` (String) An array that contains the georeplication locations enabled for the Cosmos DB account. Required when *state=present*.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_range_filter` (String) (deprecated) Cosmos DB Firewall support. This value specifies the set of IP addresses or IP address ranges. In CIDR form to be included as the allowed list of client IPs for a given database account. IP addresses/ranges must be comma separated and must not contain any spaces. This value has been deprecated, and will be removed in a later version. Use *ip_rules* instead.
- `ip_rules` (String) The IP addresses or IP address ranges in CIDR form to be included as the allowed list of client IPs.
- `is_virtual_network_filter_enabled` (Boolean) Flag to indicate whether to enable/disable Virtual Network ACL rules.
- `kind` (String) Indicates the type of database account. This can only be set at database account creation.
- `location` (String) The location of the resource group to which the resource belongs. Required when *state=present*.
- `mongo_version` (String) Server version for the MongoDB account, such as c(3.2) or c(4.0). Only used when c(kind) = i(mongo_db).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `public_network_access` (String) Enables or disables public network access to server.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the Database Account. Use `present` to create or update an Database Account and `absent` to delete it.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `virtual_network_rules` (String) List of Virtual Network ACL rules configured for the Cosmos DB account.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
