---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_managementgroup_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_managementgroup_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `children` (Boolean) If c(False), then only *name* or *id* group will be fetched, or only the list of root groups. If c(True), then the children groups will also be returned.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `flatten` (Boolean) If c(True) then child management_groups and subscriptions will be copied to the root of the management_groups and subscriptions return list respectively. By default c(False), child elements will only apear in the nested complex. Option only matters when *children* is c(True), and will otherwise be silently ignored.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Limit results to a specific management group by name. Mutually exclusive with *id*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `recurse` (Boolean) By default, c(False), only the direct children are returned if *children* is c(True). If c(True), then all descendants of the heirarchy are returned. Option only matters when *children* is c(True), and will otherwise be silently ignored.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `management_groups` (String) List of Management Group dicts.
- `subscriptions` (String) List of subscription objects.
