---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_image Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_image (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the image.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of resource group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `data_disk_encryption_set` (String) The resource ID of the disk encryption set for the data disks.
- `data_disk_sources` (String) List of data disk sources, including unmanaged blob URI, managed disk id or name, or snapshot id or name.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hyper_v_generation` (String) Specifies the HyperVGenerationType of the VirtualMachine created from the image.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `location` (String) Location of the image. Derived from *resource_group* if not specified.
- `os_disk_encryption_set` (String) The resource ID of the disk encryption set for the OS disk.
- `os_type` (String) The OS type of image.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) OS disk source from the same region. It can be a virtual machine, OS disk blob URI, managed OS disk, or OS snapshot. Each type of source except for blob URI can be given as resource id, name or a dict contains `resource_group`, `name` and `type`. If source type is blob URI, the source should be the full URI of the blob in string type. If you specify the *type* in a dict, acceptable value contains `disks`, `virtual_machines` and `snapshots`.
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the image. Use `present` to create or update a image and `absent` to delete an image.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
