---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_virtualmachine Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_virtualmachine (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the VM.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of the resource group containing the VM.

### Optional

- `accept_terms` (Boolean) Accept terms for Marketplace images that require it. Only Azure service admin/account admin users can purchase images from the Marketplace. Only valid when a *plan* is specified.
- `additional_capabilities` (String) Enables or disables a capability on the virtual machine.
- `admin_password` (String) Password for the admin username. Not required if the *os_type=Linux* and SSH password authentication is disabled by setting *ssh_password_enabled=false*.
- `admin_username` (String) Admin username used to access the VM after it is created. Required when creating a VM.
- `allocated` (Boolean) Whether the VM is allocated or deallocated, only useful with *state=present*.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `availability_set` (String) Name or ID of an existing availability set to add the VM to. The *availability_set* should be in the same resource group as VM.
- `boot_diagnostics` (String) Manage boot diagnostics settings for a VM. Boot diagnostics includes a serial console and remote console screenshots.
- `capacity_reservation_group` (String) The name or ID of the capacity reservation group to be associated with.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `created_nsg` (Boolean) Whether network security group created and attached to network interface or not.
- `custom_data` (String) Data made available to the VM and used by `cloud-init`. Only used on Linux images with `cloud-init` enabled. Consult https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/linux/using-cloud-init#cloud-init-overview for cloud-init ready images. To enable cloud-init on a Linux image, follow https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/linux/cloudinit-prepare-custom-image.
- `data_disks` (String) Describes list of data disks. Use `azure.azcollection.azure_rm_manageddisk` to manage the specific disk.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `ephemeral_os_disk` (Boolean) Parameters of ephemeral disk settings that can be specified for operating system disk. Ephemeral OS disk is only supported for VMS Instances using Managed Disk. If the VM gets deleted, the ephemeral OS disk will be deleted and cannot be detached.
- `eviction_policy` (String) Specifies the eviction policy for the Azure Spot virtual machine. Requires priority to be set to Spot.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Use more force during stop of VM Set to `true` with *started=false* to stop the VM forcefully (hard poweroff -- skip_shutdown) Set to `false` to power off gracefully
- `generalized` (Boolean) Whether the VM is generalized or not. Set to `true` with *state=present* to generalize the VM. Generalizing a VM is irreversible.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `image` (String) The image used to build the VM. For custom images, the name of the image. To narrow the search to a specific resource group, a dict with the keys *name* and *resource_group*. For community images, a dict with the keys *community_gallery_image_id*. Specified the community gallery image unique id for vm demployment. The *community_gallery_image_id* can be fetched from shared gallery image GET call. For Marketplace images, a dict with the keys *publisher*, *offer*, *sku*, and *version*. Set *version=latest* to get the most recent version of a given image. For share gallery image, a dict with the keys *shared_gallery_image_id*. Specified the shared gallery image unique id for vm deployment. This can be fetched from shared gallery image GET call. Required when creating.
- `license_type` (String) On-premise license for the image or disk. Only used for images that contain the Windows Server operating system. To remove all license type settings, set to the string `None`.
- `linux_config` (String) Specifies the Linux operating system settings on the virtual machine.
- `location` (String) Valid Azure location for the VM. Defaults to location of the resource group.
- `managed_disk_type` (String) Managed OS disk type. Create OS disk with managed disk if defined. If not defined, the OS disk will be created with virtual hard disk (VHD).
- `max_price` (Number) Specifies the maximum price you are willing to pay for a Azure Spot VM/VMSS. This price is in US Dollars. `-1` indicates default price to be up-to on-demand. Requires priority to be set to Spot.
- `network_interface_names` (String) Network interface names to add to the VM. Can be a string of name or resource ID of the network interface. Can be a dict containing *resource_group* and *name* of the network interface. If a network interface name is not provided when the VM is created, a default network interface and public IP address will be created. If the VM gets deleted, the default network interface and default public IP address will be deleted as well. To create a new network interface, at least one Virtual Network with one Subnet must exist.
- `open_ports` (String) List of ports to open in the security group for the VM, when a security group and network interface are created with a VM. For Linux hosts, defaults to allowing inbound TCP connections to port 22. For Windows hosts, defaults to opening ports 3389 and 5986.
- `os_disk_caching` (String) Type of OS disk caching.
- `os_disk_delete_option` (String) Specifies the delete behavior for the VM's OS disk when VM is deleted. Azure default to Detach if no specified. When set to `Delete`, the OS disk will be removed automatically during VM deletion. When set to `Detach`, the OS disk will be preserved.
- `os_disk_encryption_set` (String) ID of disk encryption set for OS disk.
- `os_disk_name` (String) OS disk name.
- `os_disk_size_gb` (Number) Size of OS disk in GB.
- `os_type` (String) Base type of operating system.
- `plan` (String) Third-party billing plan for the VM.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `priority` (String) Priority of the VM. `None` is the equivalent of Regular VM.
- `proximity_placement_group` (String) The name or ID of the proximity placement group to be associated with.
- `public_ip_allocation_method` (String) Allocation method for the public IP of the VM. Used only if a network interface is not specified. When set to `Dynamic`, the public IP address may change any time the VM is rebooted or power cycled. The `Disabled` choice was added in Ansible 2.6.
- `remove_on_absent` (String) Associated resources to remove when removing a VM using *state=absent*. To remove all resources related to the VM being removed, including auto-created resources, set to `all`. To remove only resources that were automatically created while provisioning the VM being removed, set to `all_autocreated`. To remove only specific resources, set to `network_interfaces`, `virtual_storage` or `public_ips`. Any other input will be ignored.
- `restarted` (Boolean) Set to `true` with *state=present* to restart a running VM.
- `security_profile` (String) Specifies the Security related profile settings for the virtual machine.
- `short_hostname` (String) Name assigned internally to the host. On a Linux VM this is the name returned by the `hostname` command. When creating a VM, short_hostname defaults to *name*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssh_password_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable or disable SSH passwords. When *os_type=Linux*, set to `false` to disable SSH password authentication and require use of SSH keys.
- `ssh_public_keys` (String) For *os_type=Linux* provide a list of SSH keys. Accepts a list of dicts where each dictionary contains two keys, *path* and *key_data*. Set *path* to the default location of the authorized_keys files. For example, *path=/home/<admin username>/.ssh/authorized_keys*. Set *key_data* to the actual value of the public key.
- `started` (Boolean) Whether the VM is started or stopped. Set to `true` with *state=present* to start the VM. Set to `false` to stop the VM.
- `state` (String) State of the VM. Set to `present` to create a VM with the configuration specified by other options, or to update the configuration of an existing VM. Set to `absent` to remove a VM. Does not affect power state. Use *started*/*allocated*/*restarted* parameters to change the power state of a VM.
- `storage_account_name` (String) Name of a storage account that supports creation of VHD blobs. If not specified for a new VM, a new storage account named <vm name>01 will be created using storage type `Standard_LRS`.
- `storage_blob_name` (String) Name of the storage blob used to hold the OS disk image of the VM. Must end with '.vhd'. If not specified, defaults to the VM name + '.vhd'.
- `storage_container_name` (String) Name of the container to use within the storage account to store VHD blobs. If not specified, a default container will be created.
- `subnet_name` (String) Subnet for the VM. Defaults to the first subnet found in the virtual network or the subnet of the *network_interface_name*, if provided. If the subnet is in another resource group, specify the resource group with *virtual_network_resource_group*.
- `swap_os_disk` (String) The swap OS disk parameters.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_data` (String) UserData for the VM, which must be base-64 encoded. Customer should notpass any secrets in here. Minimum api-version '2021-03-01'.
- `virtual_network_name` (String) The virtual network to use when creating a VM. If not specified, a new network interface will be created and assigned to the first virtual network found in the resource group. Use with *virtual_network_resource_group* to place the virtual network in another resource group.
- `virtual_network_resource_group` (String) The resource group to use when creating a VM with another resource group's virtual network.
- `vm_identity` (String) Identity for the VM.
- `vm_size` (String) A valid Azure VM size value. For example, `Standard_D4`. Choices vary depending on the subscription and location. Check your subscription for available choices. Required when creating a VM.
- `windows_config` (String) Specifies Windows operating system settings on the virtual machine.
- `winrm` (String) List of Windows Remote Management configurations of the VM.
- `zones` (String) A list of Availability Zones for your VM. A maximum of one zone can be configured.

### Read-Only

- `azure_vm` (String) Facts about the current state of the object. Note that facts are not part of the registered output but available directly.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `deleted_network_interfaces` (String) List of deleted NICs.
- `deleted_public_ips` (String) List of deleted public IP address names.
- `deleted_vhd_uris` (String) List of deleted Virtual Hard Disk URIs.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `powerstate` (String) Indicates if the state is `running`, `stopped`, `deallocated`, `generalized`.
