---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_adgroup_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_adgroup_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `all` (Boolean) If True, will return all groups in tenant. If False will return no users. It is recommended that you instead identify a subset of groups and use filter.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attribute_name` (String) The name of an attribute that you want to match to *attribute_value*. If *attribute_name* is not a collection type it will return groups where *attribute_name* is equal to *attribute_value*. If *attribute_name* is a collection type it will return groups where *attribute_value* is in *attribute_name*.
- `attribute_value` (String) The value to match attribute_name to. If *attribute_name* is not a collection type it will return groups where *attribute_name* is equal to *attribute_value*. If *attribute_name* is a collection type it will groups users where *attribute_value* is in *attribute_name*.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `check_membership` (String) The object ID of the contact, group, user, or service principal to check for membership against returned groups.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `object_id` (String) The object id for the ad group. returns the group which has this object ID.
- `odata_filter` (String) returns groups based on the the OData filter passed into this parameter.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `raw_membership` (Boolean) By default the group_members return property is flattened and partially filtered of non-User objects before return.\ This argument disables those transformations.
- `return_group_members` (Boolean) Indicate whether the members of a group should be returned with the returned groups.
- `return_member_groups` (Boolean) Indicate whether the groups in which a groups is a member should be returned with the returned groups.
- `return_owners` (Boolean) Indicate whether the owners of a group should be returned with the returned groups.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `description` (String) An optional description for the group.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the group.
- `group_members` (String) The members of the group. If raw_membership is set, this field may contain non-user objects (groups, service principals, etc)
- `group_owners` (String) The owners of the group.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `mail` (String) The primary email address of the group.
- `mail_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the group is mail-enabled. Must be false. This is because only pure security groups can be created using the Graph API.
- `mail_nickname` (String) The mail alias for the group.
- `security_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the group is security-enable.
