---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_networkinterface Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_networkinterface (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the network interface.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of a resource group where the network interface exists or will be created.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `create_with_security_group` (Boolean) Whether a security group should be be created with the NIC. If this flag set to `True` and no *security_group* set, a default security group will be created.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dns_servers` (String) Which DNS servers should the NIC lookup. List of IP addresses.
- `enable_accelerated_networking` (Boolean) Whether the network interface should be created with the accelerated networking feature or not.
- `enable_ip_forwarding` (Boolean) Whether to enable IP forwarding.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_configurations` (String) List of IP configurations. Each configuration object should include field *private_ip_address*, *private_ip_allocation_method*, *public_ip_address_name*, *public_ip*, *public_ip_allocation_method*, *name*.
- `location` (String) Valid Azure location. Defaults to location of the resource group.
- `open_ports` (String) When a default security group is created for a Linux host a rule will be added allowing inbound TCP connections to the default SSH port `22`, and for a Windows host rules will be added allowing inbound access to RDP ports `3389` and `5986`. Override the default ports by providing a list of open ports.
- `os_type` (String) Determines any rules to be added to a default security group. When creating a network interface, if no security group name is provided, a default security group will be created. If the *os_type=Windows*, a rule allowing RDP access will be added. If the *os_type=Linux*, a rule allowing SSH access will be added.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `security_group` (String) An existing security group with which to associate the network interface. If not provided, a default security group will be created when *create_with_security_group=true*. It can be the name of security group. Make sure the security group is in the same resource group when you only give its name. It can be the resource id. It can be a dict contains security_group's *name* and *resource_group*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the network interface. Use `present` to create or update an interface and `absent` to delete an interface.
- `subnet_name` (String) Name of an existing subnet within the specified virtual network. Required when creating a network interface. Use the `virtual_network`'s resource group. Required when creating.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `virtual_network` (String) An existing virtual network with which the network interface will be associated. Required when creating a network interface. It can be the virtual network's name. Make sure your virtual network is in the same resource group as NIC when you give only the name. It can be the virtual network's resource id. It can be a dict which contains *name* and *resource_group* of the virtual network. Required when creating.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
