---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_adpassword Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_adpassword (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `app_id` (String) The application ID.
- `app_object_id` (String) The application object ID.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `display_name` (String) The friendly name of the application password.
- `end_date` (String) Date or datemtime after which credentials expire. Default value is one year after current time.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key_id` (String) The password key ID. It isn't supported anymore in the create operation. See the Azure documentation for more information https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/application-addpassword?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=http#request-body.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `service_principal_object_id` (String) The service principal object ID.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Assert the state of Active Dirctory Password. Use `present` to create or update a Password and use `absent` to delete. Update is not supported, if *state=absent* and *key_id=None*, then all passwords of the application will be deleted.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `secret_text` (String) The application password value. API only returns the application password value at creation.
- `start_date` (String) Date or datetime at which credentials become valid. Default value is current time.
