---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_privateendpoint Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_privateendpoint (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the private endpoint.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of resource group.

### Optional

- `application_security_groups` (String) The application security group in a resource group.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `custom_dns_configs` (String) An array of custom dns configurations.
- `custom_network_interface_name` (String) The custom name of the network interface attached to the private endpoint.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_configurations` (String) A list of IP configurations of the private endpoint. This will be used to map to the First Party Service's endpoints.
- `location` (String) Valid Azure location. Defaults to location of the resource group.
- `manual_private_link_service_connections` (String) A grouping of information about the connection to the remote resource. Used when the network admin does not have access to approve connections to the remote resource.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_link_service_connections` (String) A grouping of information about the connection to the remote resource. This parameter is required for create or update.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the virtual network. Use `present` to create or update and `absent` to delete.
- `subnet` (String) The ID of the subnet from which the private IP will be allocated. This parameter is required for create or update.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
