---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_storageblob_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_storageblob_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `container_name` (String) Name of a blob container within the storage account.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `resource_group` (String) Name of the resource group to use.
- `storage_account_name` (String) Name of the storage account to use.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_mode` (String) The mode in which to run the command. `login` mode will directly use your login credentials for the authentication. The legacy `key` mode will attempt to query for an account key if no authentication parameters for the account are provided. Can also be set via the environment variable `AZURE_STORAGE_AUTH_MODE`.
- `blob_name` (String) Name of a blob object within the container.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `include` (String) Specifies one or more additional datasets to include in the response.
- `name_starts_with` (String) Filters the results to return only blobs whose names begin with the specified prefix.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `blob` (String) Facts about the current state of the blob.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
