---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_monitorlogprofile Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_monitorlogprofile (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Unique name of the log profile to create or update.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `categories` (String) List of categories of logs. These categories are created as is convenient to  user. Some Values are `Write`, `Delete` and/or `Action`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `location` (String) Resource location.
- `locations` (String) List of regions for which Activity Log events should be stored.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `retention_policy` (String) Retention policy for events in the log.
- `service_bus_rule_id` (String) The service bus rule  ID of the service bus namespace in which you would like to have Event Hubs created for streaming in the Activity Log. Format like {service_bus_resource_id}/authorizationrules{key_name}.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the log profile. Use `present` to create or update a log profile and `absent` to delete it.
- `storage_account` (String) The storage account to which send the Activity Log. It could be a resource ID. It could be a dict containing *resource_grorup* and *name*.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
