---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_multiplemanageddisks Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_multiplemanageddisks (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `managed_by_extended` (String) List of name and resource group of the VMs to managed disks. When *state=present*, the disks will be attached to the list of VMs specified. When *state=present*, use *[]* to detach disks from all the VMs. When *state=absent* and this parameter is defined, the disks will be detached from the list of VMs. When *state=absent* and this parameter is not defined, the disks will be deleted.
- `managed_disks` (String) List of managed disks to create, update, or delete.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the managed disks. Use `present` to create or update managed disks and/or attach/detach managed disks to a list of VMs depending on the value specified in *managed_by_extended*. Use `absent` to detach/delete managed disks depending on the value specified in *managed_by_extended*.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
