---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_batchaccount Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_batchaccount (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the Batch Account.
- `resource_group` (String) The name of the resource group in which to create the Batch Account.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_storage_account` (String) Existing storage account with which to associate the Batch Account. It can be the storage account name which is in the same resource group. It can be the storage account ID. Fox example "/subscriptions/{subscription_id}/resourceGroups/ {resource_group}/providers/Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/{name}". It can be a dict which contains *name* and *resource_group* of the storage account.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key_vault` (String) Existing key vault with which to associate the Batch Account. It can be the key vault name which is in the same resource group. It can be the key vault ID. For example "/subscriptions/{subscription_id}/resourceGroups/ {resource_group}/providers/Microsoft.KeyVault/vaults/{name}". It can be a dict which contains *name* and *resource_group* of the key vault.
- `location` (String) Specifies the supported Azure location where the resource exists.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pool_allocation_mode` (String) The pool acclocation mode of the Batch Account.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the Batch Account. Use `present` to create or update a Batch Account and `absent` to delete it.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `account_endpoint` (String) The account endpoint used to interact with the Batch service.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
