---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_deployment Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_deployment (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `resource_group` (String) The resource group name to use or create to host the deployed template.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deployment_mode` (String) In incremental mode, resources are deployed without deleting existing resources that are not included in the template. In complete mode resources are deployed and existing resources in the resource group not included in the template are deleted.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `location` (String) The geo-locations in which the resource group will be located.
- `name` (String) The name of the deployment to be tracked in the resource group deployment history. Re-using a deployment name will overwrite the previous value in the resource group's deployment history.
- `parameters` (String) A hash of all the required template variables for the deployment template. This parameter is mutually exclusive with *parameters_link*. Either *parameters_link* or *parameters* is required if *state=present*.
- `parameters_link` (String) Uri of file containing the parameters body. This parameter is mutually exclusive with *parameters*. Either *parameters_link* or *parameters* is required if *state=present*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If *state=present*, template will be created. If *state=present* and deployment exists, it will be updated. If *state=absent*, the deployment resource will be deleted.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template` (String) A hash containing the templates inline. This parameter is mutually exclusive with *template_link*. Either *template* or *template_link* is required if *state=present*.
- `template_link` (String) Uri of file containing the template body. This parameter is mutually exclusive with *template*. Either *template* or *template_link* is required if *state=present*.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait_for_deployment_completion` (Boolean) Whether or not to block until the deployment has completed.
- `wait_for_deployment_polling_period` (Number) Time (in seconds) to wait between polls when waiting for deployment completion.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `deployment` (String) Deployment details.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
