---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_afdrules Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_afdrules (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the delivery rule which is unique within the endpoint.
- `profile_name` (String) Name of the Azure Front Door Standard or Azure Front Door Premium profile which is unique within the resource group.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of the Resource group within the Azure subscription.
- `rule_set_name` (String) Name of the rule set under the profile.

### Optional

- `actions` (String) A list of actions that are executed when all the conditions of a rule are satisfied.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `conditions` (String) A list of conditions that must be matched for the actions to be executed.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `match_processing_behavior` (String) If this rule is a match should the rules engine continue running the remaining rules or stop.
- `order` (Number) The order in which the rules are applied for the endpoint. A rule with a lesser order will be applied before a rule with a greater order. Rule with order 0 is a special rule. It does not require any condition and actions listed in it will always be applied.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the CDN profile. Use `present` to create or update a CDN profile and `absent` to delete it.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
