---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_publicipaddress Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_publicipaddress (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the Public IP.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of resource group with which the Public IP is associated.

### Optional

- `allocation_method` (String) Control whether the assigned Public IP remains permanently assigned to the object. If not set to `Static`, the IP address may changed anytime an associated virtual machine is power cycled.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain_name` (String) The customizable portion of the FQDN assigned to public IP address. This is an explicit setting. If no value is provided, any existing value will be removed on an existing public IP.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `idle_timeout` (Number) Idle timeout in minutes.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_tags` (String) List of IpTag associated with the public IP address. Each element should contain type:value pair.
- `location` (String) Valid Azure location. Defaults to location of the resource group.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `public_ip_prefix` (String) The Public IP Prefix this Public IP Address should be allocated from. Once set, it cannot be updated.
- `reverse_fqdn` (String) The reverse FQDN. A user-visible, fully qualified domain name that resolves to this public IP address. If the reverseFqdn is specified, then a PTR DNS record is created pointing from the IP address in the in-addr.arpa domain to the reverse FQDN.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sku` (String) The public IP address SKU. When *version=ipv6*, if *sku=standard* then set *allocation_method=static*. When *version=ipv4*, if *sku=standard* then set *allocation_method=static*. The *sku=basic* will be retired on September 30, 2025. New *sku=basic* SKU resource cannot be deployed after March 31, 2025.
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the Public IP. Use `present` to create or update a and `absent` to delete.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `version` (String) The public IP address version.
- `zones` (String) A list of availability zones denoting the IP allocated for the resource needs to come from.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
