---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_keyvaultsecret_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_keyvaultsecret_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `vault_uri` (String) Vault uri where the secret stored in.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Secret name. If not set, will list all enabled secrets in vault_uri (disabled secrets will be skipped).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `show_deleted_secret` (Boolean) Set to *show_delete_secret=true* to show deleted secrets. Set to *show_deleted_secret=false* to show not deleted secrets.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `version` (String) Secret version. Set it to `current` to show latest version of a secret. Set it to `all` to list all versions of a secret. Set it to specific version to list specific version of a secret. eg. fd2682392a504455b79c90dd04a1bf46

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `secrets` (String) List of secrets in Azure Key Vault.
