---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_securitygroup Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_securitygroup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the security group to operate on.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of the resource group the security group belongs to.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `default_rules` (String) The set of default rules automatically added to a security group at creation. In general default rules will not be modified. Modify rules to shape the flow of traffic to or from a subnet or NIC. See rules below for the makeup of a rule dict.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `location` (String) Valid azure location. Defaults to location of the resource group.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_default_rules` (Boolean) Remove any existing rules not matching those defined in the default_rules parameter.
- `purge_rules` (Boolean) Remove any existing rules not matching those defined in the rules parameters.
- `rules` (String) Set of rules shaping traffic flow to or from a subnet or NIC. Each rule is a dictionary.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the security group. Set to `present` to create or update a security group. Set to `absent` to remove a security group.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
