---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_rediscache Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_rediscache (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Unique name of the Azure Cache for Redis to create or update.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of the resource group to which the resource belongs.
- `sku` (String) SKU info of Azure Cache for Redis.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable_non_ssl_port` (Boolean) When set *enable_non_ssl_port=true*, the non-ssl Redis server port 6379 will be enabled.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `location` (String) Resource location. If not set, location from the resource group will be used as default.
- `maxfragmentationmemory_reserved` (Number) Configures the amount of memory in MB that is reserved to accommodate for memory fragmentation. Please see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/redis-cache/cache-configure#advanced-settings for more detail.
- `maxmemory_policy` (String) Configures the eviction policy of the cache. Please see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/redis-cache/cache-configure#advanced-settings for more detail.
- `maxmemory_reserved` (Number) Configures the amount of memory in MB that is reserved for non-cache operations. Please see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/redis-cache/cache-configure#advanced-settings for more detail.
- `minimum_tls_version` (String) Require clients to use a specified TLS version.
- `notify_keyspace_events` (String) Allows clients to receive notifications when certain events occur. Please see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/redis-cache/cache-configure#advanced-settings for more detail.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `public_network_access` (String) Whether or not public endpoint access is allowed for this cache.
- `reboot` (String) Reboot specified Redis node(s). There can be potential data loss.
- `redis_version` (String) The major version of Redis.
- `regenerate_key` (String) Regenerate Redis cache's access keys.
- `shard_count` (Number) The number of shards to be created when *sku=premium*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the Azure Cache for Redis. Use `present` to create or update an Azure Cache for Redis and `absent` to delete it.
- `static_ip` (String) Static IP address. Required when deploying an Azure Cache for Redis inside an existing Azure virtual network.
- `subnet` (String) Subnet in a virtual network to deploy the Azure Cache for Redis in. It can be resource id of subnet, for example /subscriptions/{subid}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/Microsoft.{Network|ClassicNetwork}/VirtualNetworks/vnet1/subnets/subnet1. It can be a dictionary where contains *name*, *virtual_network_name* and *resource_group*. *name*. Name of the subnet. *resource_group*. Resource group name of the subnet. *virtual_network_name*. Name of virtual network to which this subnet belongs.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tenant_settings` (String) Dict of tenant settings.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait_for_provisioning` (Boolean) Wait till the Azure Cache for Redis instance provisioning_state is Succeeded. It takes several minutes for Azure Cache for Redis to be provisioned ready for use after creating/updating/rebooting. Set this option to `true` to wait for provisioning_state. Set to `false` if you don't care about provisioning_state. Poll wait timeout is 60 minutes.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `host_name` (String) Host name of the Azure Cache for Redis.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
