---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_storageaccount Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_storageaccount (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the storage account to update or create.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of the resource group to use.

### Optional

- `access_tier` (String) The access tier for this storage account. Required when *kind=BlobStorage*.
- `account_type` (String) Type of storage account. Required when creating a storage account. `Standard_ZRS` and `Premium_LRS` accounts cannot be changed to other account types. Other account types cannot be changed to `Standard_ZRS` or `Premium_LRS`.
- `allow_blob_public_access` (Boolean) Allows blob containers in account to be set for anonymous public access. If set to false, no containers in this account will be able to allow anonymous public access. If omitted, new account creation will default to null which is currently interpreted to True. Existing accounts will not be modified.
- `allow_cross_tenant_replication` (Boolean) Allow or disallow cross AAD tenant object replication.
- `allow_shared_key_access` (Boolean) Indicates whether the storage account permits requests to be authorized with the account access key via Shared Key. If false, then all requests, including shared access signatures, must be authorized with Azure Active Directory (Azure AD). The default value is null, which is equivalent to true.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_mode` (String) The mode in which to run the command. `login` mode will directly use your login credentials for the authentication. The legacy `key` mode will attempt to query for an account key if no authentication parameters for the account are provided. Can also be set via the environment variable `AZURE_STORAGE_AUTH_MODE`.
- `blob_cors` (String) Specifies CORS rules for the Blob service. You can include up to five CorsRule elements in the request. If no blob_cors elements are included in the argument list, nothing about CORS will be changed. If you want to delete all CORS rules and disable CORS for the Blob service, explicitly set *blob_cors=[]*.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `custom_domain` (String) User domain assigned to the storage account. Must be a dictionary with *name* and *use_sub_domain* keys where *name* is the CNAME source. Only one custom domain is supported per storage account at this time. To clear the existing custom domain, use an empty string for the custom domain name property. Can be added to an existing storage account. Will be ignored during storage account creation.
- `default_to_o_auth_authentication` (Boolean) A boolean flag which indicates whether the default authentication is OAuth or not. The default interpretation is false for this property.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable_nfs_v3` (Boolean) NFS 3.0 protocol.
- `encryption` (String) The encryption settings on the storage account.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_delete_nonempty` (Boolean) Attempt deletion if resource already exists and cannot be updated.
- `https_only` (Boolean) Allows https traffic only to storage service when set to `True`. If omitted, new account creation will default to True, while existing accounts will not be change.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `immutable_storage_with_versioning` (String) The property is immutable and can only be set to true at the account creation time. When set to true, it enables object level immutability for all the containers in the account by default.
- `is_hns_enabled` (Boolean) Account HierarchicalNamespace enabled if sets to true. When *is_hns_enabled=True*, *kind* cannot be `Storage`.
- `kind` (String) The kind of storage. The `FileStorage` and (BlockBlobStorage) only used when *account_type=Premium_LRS* or *account_type=Premium_ZRS*.
- `large_file_shares_state` (String) Allow large file shares if sets to Enabled.
- `location` (String) Valid Azure location. Defaults to location of the resource group.
- `minimum_tls_version` (String) The minimum required version of Transport Layer Security (TLS) for requests to a storage account. If omitted, new account creation will default to null which is currently interpreted to TLS1_0. Existing accounts will not be modified.
- `network_acls` (String) Manages the Firewall and virtual networks settings of the storage account.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `public_network_access` (String) Allow or disallow public network access to Storage Account.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the storage account. Use `present` to create or update a storage account and use `absent` to delete an account. `failover` is used to failover the storage account to its secondary. This process can take up to a hour.
- `static_website` (String) Manage static website configuration for the storage account.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
