---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_openshiftmanagedcluster Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_openshiftmanagedcluster (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `location` (String) Resource location.
- `name` (String) Resource name.
- `resource_group` (String) The name of the resource group.

### Optional

- `api_server_profile` (String) API server configuration.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster_profile` (String) Configuration for OpenShift cluster.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ingress_profiles` (String) Ingress profiles configuration. only one profile is supported at the current API version.
- `master_profile` (String) Configuration for OpenShift master VMs.
- `network_profile` (String) Configuration for OpenShift networking (immutable).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `provisioning_state` (String) The current deployment or provisioning state, which only appears in the response.
- `service_principal_profile` (String) service principal.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the OpenShiftManagedCluster. Use `present` to create or update an OpenShiftManagedCluster and `absent` to delete it.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `worker_profiles` (String) Configuration for OpenShift worker Vms.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `properties` (String) Properties of a OpenShift managed cluster.
- `type` (String) Resource type.
