---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_virtualnetworkgateway Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_virtualnetworkgateway (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of VPN Gateway.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of a resource group where VPN Gateway exists or will be created.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bgp_settings` (String) Virtual network gateway's BGP speaker settings.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable_bgp` (Boolean) Whether BGP is enabled for this virtual network gateway or not.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gateway_type` (String) The type of this virtual network gateway.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_configurations` (String) List of IP configurations.
- `location` (String) Valid Azure location. Defaults to location of the resource group.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sku` (String) The reference of the VirtualNetworkGatewaySku resource which represents the SKU selected for Virtual network gateway.
- `state` (String) State of the VPN Gateway. Use `present` to create or update VPN gateway and `absent` to delete VPN gateway.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `virtual_network` (String) An existing virtual network with which the VPN Gateway will be associated. Required when creating a VPN Gateway. Can be the name of the virtual network. Must be in the same resource group as VPN gateway when specified by name. Can be the resource ID of the virtual network. Can be a dict which contains *name* and *resource_group* of the virtual network. Required when creating.
- `vpn_gateway_generation` (String) The generation for this VirtualNetworkGateway. Must be `None` if `gateway_type` is not VPN.
- `vpn_type` (String) The type of this virtual private network.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
