---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_monitoractiongroups Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_monitoractiongroups (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the action group you're creating/changing.
- `resource_group` (String) The name of the resource group.

### Optional

- `arm_role_receivers` (String) The list of ARM role receivers that are part of this action group. Roles are Azure RBAC roles and only built-in roles are supported. https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azure-mgmt-monitor/azure.mgmt.monitor.v2023_01_01.models.armrolereceiver?view=azure-python
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `automation_runbook_receivers` (String) The list of AutomationRunbook receivers that are part of this action group. https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azure-mgmt-monitor/azure.mgmt.monitor.v2023_01_01.models.automationrunbookreceiver?view=azure-python
- `azure_app_push_receivers` (String) The list of AzureAppPush receivers that are part of this action group. https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azure-mgmt-monitor/azure.mgmt.monitor.v2023_01_01.models.azureapppushreceiver?view=azure-python
- `azure_function_receivers` (String) The list of azure function receivers that are part of this action group. https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azure-mgmt-monitor/azure.mgmt.monitor.v2023_01_01.models.azurefunctionreceiver?view=azure-python
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `email_receivers` (String) The list of email receivers that are part of this action group. https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azure-mgmt-monitor/azure.mgmt.monitor.v2023_01_01.models.emailreceiver?view=azure-python
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this action group is enabled. If an action group is not enabled, then none of its receivers will receive communications.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `event_hub_receivers` (String) The list of event hub receivers that are part of this action group. https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azure-mgmt-monitor/azure.mgmt.monitor.v2023_01_01.models.eventhubreceiver?view=azure-python
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `group_short_name` (String) The short name of the action group. This will be used in SMS messages.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `itsm_receivers` (String) The list of webhook receivers that are part of this action group. https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azure-mgmt-monitor/azure.mgmt.monitor.v2023_01_01.models.itsmreceiver?view=azure-python
- `location` (String) Location of the action group. defaults to location of exiting action group or location of the resource group if unspecified. Action groups are usually 'Global'.
- `logic_app_receivers` (String) The list of logic app receivers that are part of this action group. https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azure-mgmt-monitor/azure.mgmt.monitor.v2023_01_01.models.logicappreceiver?view=azure-python
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sms_receivers` (String) The list of SMS receivers that are part of this action group. https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azure-mgmt-monitor/azure.mgmt.monitor.v2023_01_01.models.smsreceiver?view=azure-python
- `state` (String) State of the action group. Use `present` for creating/updating a action group. Use `absent` for deleting a action group.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `voice_receivers` (String) The list of voice receivers that are part of this action group. https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azure-mgmt-monitor/azure.mgmt.monitor.v2023_01_01.models.voicereceiver?view=azure-python
- `webhook_receivers` (String) The list of webhook receivers that are part of this action group. https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/python/api/azure-mgmt-monitor/azure.mgmt.monitor.v2023_01_01.models.webhookreceiver?view=azure-python

### Read-Only

- `actiongroup` (String) Details of the action group Is null on state==absent (action group does not exist or will be deleted) Assumes you make legal changes in check mode
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
