---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_batchaccountpool Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_batchaccountpool (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `batch_account_name` (String) The name of the Batch Account.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the Batch Account Pool.
- `resource_group` (String) The name of the resource group in which to create the Batch Account Pool.

### Optional

- `application_licenses` (String) The list of application licenses must be a subset of available Batch service application licenses. If a license is requested which is not supported, pool creation will fail.
- `application_packages` (String) Changes to application package references affect all new compute nodes joining the pool. But do not affect compute nodes that are already in the pool until they are rebooted or reimaged. There is a maximum of 10 application package references on any given pool.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `certificates` (String) For Windows compute nodes, the Batch service installs the certificates to the specified certificate store and location. For Linux compute nodes, the certificates are stored in a directory inside the task working directory and an environment variable AZ_BATCH_CERTIFICATES_DIR is supplied to the task to query for this location. For certificates with visibility of 'remoteUser', a 'certs' directory is created in the user's home directory and certificates are placed in that directory.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deployment_configuration` (String) Using CloudServiceConfiguration specifies that the nodes should be creating using Azure Cloud Services (PaaS). Using VirtualMachineConfiguration uses Azure Virtual Machines (IaaS).
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the pool.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `identity` (String) The type of identity used for the Batch Pool. If the pool identity is updated during update an existing pool. Only the new vms which are created after the pool shrinks to 0 will have the updated identities.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `inter_node_communication` (String) This imposes restrictions on which nodes can be assigned to the pool. Enabling this value can reduce the chance of the requested number of nodes to be allocated in the pool. If not specified, this value defaults to `Disabled`.
- `is_disable_auto_scale` (Boolean) Whether disables automatic scaling for a pool.
- `is_stop_resize` (Boolean) Whether stops an ongoing resize operation on the pool.
- `metadata` (String) The Batch service does not assign any meaning to this metadata; it is solely for the use of user code.
- `mount_configuration` (String) This supports Azure Files, NFS, CIFS/SMB, and Blobfuse.
- `network_configuration` (String) The network configuration for a pool.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resource_tags` (String) The user-defined tags to be associated with the Azure Batch Pool. When specified, these tags are propagated to the backing Azure resources associated with the pool. This property can only be specified when the Batch account was created with the poolAllocationMode property set to 'UserSubscription'.
- `scale_settings` (String) Defines the desired size of the pool. This can either be 'fixedScale' where the requested targetDedicatedNodes is specified, or 'autoScale' which defines a formula which is periodically reevaluated. If this property is not specified, the pool will have a fixed scale with 0 targetDedicatedNodes.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `start_task` (String) In an PATCH (update) operation, this property can be set to an empty object to remove the start task from the pool.
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the Batch Account Pool. Use `present` to create or update a Batch Account Pool and `absent` to delete it.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_node_communication_mode` (String) If omitted, the default value is `Default`.
- `task_scheduling_policy` (String) Specifies how tasks should be distributed across compute nodes.
- `task_slots_per_node` (Number) The default value is `1`. The maximum value is the smaller of 4 times the number of cores of the vmSize of the pool or 256.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `upgrade_policy` (String) Describes an upgrade policy.
- `user_accounts` (String) The list of user accounts to be created on each node in the pool.
- `vm_size` (String) For information about available sizes of virtual machines for Cloud Services Pools. Batch supports all Cloud Services VM sizes except ExtraSmall, A1V2 and A2V2, Batch supports all Azure VM sizes except STANDARD_A0 and those with premium storage (STANDARD_GS, STANDARD_DS, and STANDARD_DSV2 series).

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
