---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_servicebus Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_servicebus (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the servicebus namespace.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of resource group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disable_local_auth` (Boolean) This property disables SAS authentication for the Service Bus namespace.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `location` (String) The servicebus's location.
- `minimum_tls_version` (String) The minimum TLS version for the cluster to support.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `premium_messaging_partitions` (Number) The number of partitions of a Service Bus namespace. This property is only applicable to `premium` SKU namespaces. It default value is `1` for `premium` namespaces.
- `public_network_access` (String) This determines if traffic is allowed over public network. By default it is `Enabled`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sku` (String) Namespace SKU.
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the servicebus. Use `present` to create or update and use `absen` to delete.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `zone_redundant` (Boolean) Enabling this property creates a Premium Service Bus Namespace in regions supported availability zones.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
