---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_iothub Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_iothub (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the IoT hub.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of resource group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable_file_upload_notifications` (Boolean) File upload notifications are enabled if set to `True`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `event_endpoint` (String) The Event Hub-compatible endpoint property.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_filters` (String) Configure rules for rejecting or accepting traffic from specific IPv4 addresses.
- `location` (String) Location of the IoT hub.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `routes` (String) Route device-to-cloud messages to service-facing endpoints.
- `routing_endpoints` (String) Custom endpoints.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sku` (String) Pricing tier for Azure IoT Hub. Note that only one free IoT hub instance is allowed in each subscription. Exception will be thrown if free instances exceed one. Default is `s1` when creation.
- `state` (String) State of the IoT hub. Use `present` to create or update an IoT hub and `absent` to delete an IoT hub.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unit` (Number) Units in your IoT Hub. Default is `1`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cloud_to_device` (String) Cloud to device message properties.
- `event_endpoints` (String) Built-in endpoint where to deliver device message.
- `host_name` (String) Host of the IoT hub.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
