---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_roleassignment_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_roleassignment_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `assignee` (String) Object id of a user, group or service principal. Mutually exclusive with *name* and *id*.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Name of role assignment. Requires that *scope* also be set. Mutual exclusive with *assignee* and *id*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `role_definition_id` (String) Resource id of role definition.
- `scope` (String) The scope to query for role assignments. For example, use /subscriptions/{subscription-id}/ for a subscription. /subscriptions/{subscription-id}/resourceGroups/{resourcegroup-name} for a resource group. /subscriptions/{subscription-id}/resourceGroups/{resourcegroup-name}/providers/{resource-provider}/{resource-type}/{resource-name} for a resource. By default will return all inhereted assignments from parent scopes, see *strict_scope_match*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `strict_scope_match` (Boolean) If strict_scope_match is True, role assignments will only be returned for the exact scope defined. Inherited role assignments will be excluded from results. Option will be silently ignored if no scope is provided.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `roleassignments` (String) List of role assignments.
