---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_resource Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_resource (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `api_version` (String) Specific API version to be used.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `body` (String) The body of the HTTP request/response to the web service.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `idempotency` (Boolean) If enabled, idempotency check will be done by using *method=GET* first and then comparing with *body*.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `method` (String) The HTTP method of the request or response. It must be uppercase.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `polling_interval` (Number) If enabled, idempotency check will be done by using *method=GET* first and then comparing with *body*.
- `polling_timeout` (Number) If enabled, idempotency check will be done by using *method=GET* first and then comparing with *body*.
- `provider` (String) Provider type. Required if URL is not specified.
- `resource_group` (String) Resource group to be used. Required if URL is not specified.
- `resource_name` (String) Resource name. Required if URL Is not specified.
- `resource_type` (String) Resource type. Required if URL is not specified.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the resource. Use `present` to create or update resource or `absent` to delete resource.
- `status_code` (String) A valid, numeric, HTTP status code that signifies success of the request. Can also be comma separated list of status codes.
- `subresource` (String) List of subresources.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) Azure RM Resource URL.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `response` (String) Response specific to resource type.
