---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_roleassignment Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_roleassignment (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `assignee_object_id` (String) The object id of assignee. This maps to the ID inside the Active Directory. It can point to a user, service principal or security group. Required when creating role assignment.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Unique name of role assignment. The role assignment name must be a GUID, sample as "3ce0cbb0-58c4-4e6d-a16d-99d86a78b3ca". Mutually Exclusive with *id*
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `role_definition_id` (String) The role definition id used in the role assignment. Required when creating role assignment.
- `scope` (String) The scope of the role assignment to create. For example, use /subscriptions/{subscription-id}/ for subscription. /subscriptions/{subscription-id}/resourceGroups/{resource-group-name} for resource group. /subscriptions/{subscription-id}/resourceGroups/{resource-group-name}/providers/{resource-provider}/{resource-type}/{resource-name} for resource. Mutually Exclusive with *id*
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the role assignment. Use `present` to create or update a role assignment and `absent` to delete it. If `present`, then *role_definition_id* and *assignee_object_id* are both required
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `principal_type` (String) Principal type of the role assigned to.
- `type` (String) Type of role assignment.
