---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_aksagentpool Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_aksagentpool (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_name` (String) The name of the kubernetes cluster.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the node agent pool.
- `resource_group` (String) The name of the resource group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `availability_zones` (String) Availability zones for nodes. Must use VirtualMachineScaleSets AgentPoolType.
- `capacity_reservation_group_id` (String) The Capacity Reservation Group ID.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `count` (Number) Number of agents (VMs) to host docker containers.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable_auto_scaling` (Boolean) Whether to enable auto-scaler.
- `enable_encryption_at_host` (Boolean) This is only supported on certain VM sizes and in certain Azure regions.
- `enable_fips` (Boolean) Whether enable FIPS node pool.
- `enable_node_public_ip` (Boolean) Some scenarios may require nodes in a node pool to receive theirown dedicated public IP addresses. A common scenario is for gaming workloads, where a console needs to make a direct connection to a cloud virtual machine to minimize hops.
- `enable_ultra_ssd` (Boolean) Whether to enable UltraSSD.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gpu_instance_profile` (String) GPUInstanceProfile to be used to specify GPU MIG instance profile for supported GPU VM SKU.
- `host_group_id` (String) The Host Group ID. Sample as `/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{RG_Name}/providers/Microsoft.Compute/hostGroups/{hostGroupName`
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `kubelet_config` (String) The Kubelet configuration on the agent pool nodes.
- `kubelet_disk_type` (String) Determines the placement of emptyDir volumes, container runtime data root, and Kubelet ephemeral storage.
- `linux_os_config` (String) The OS configuration of Linux agent nodes.
- `max_count` (Number) Maximum number of nodes for auto-scaling.
- `max_pods` (Number) Maximum number of pods that can run on a node.
- `min_count` (Number) Minimum number of nodes for auto-scaling.
- `mode` (String) AgentPoolMode represents mode of an agent pool.
- `network_profile` (String) Network-related settings of an agent pool.
- `node_labels` (String) Agent pool node labels to be persisted across all nodes in agent pool.
- `node_public_ip_prefix_id` (String) The Azure Public IP prefix's ID.
- `node_taints` (String) The taints added to new nodes during node pool create and scale. For example as example, value:NoSchedule'.
- `orchestrator_version` (String) Version of orchestrator specified when creating the managed cluster.
- `os_disk_size_gb` (Number) OS Disk Size in GB to be used to specify the disk size for every machine in this master/agent pool.
- `os_disk_type` (String) The default is `Ephemeral` if the VM supports it and has a cache disk larger than the requested OSDiskSizeGB. Otherwise, defaults to `Managed`. May not be changed after creation.
- `os_sku` (String) Specifies an OS SKU. This value must not be specified if OSType is Windows. The *os_sku=CBLMariner* deprecated. Microsoft recommends that new deployments choose 'AzureLinux' instead.
- `os_type` (String) OsType to be used to specify os type.
- `pod_subnet_id` (String) If omitted, pod IPs are statically assigned on the node subnet.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `power_state` (String) When an Agent Pool is first created it is initially `Running`. The Agent Pool can be stopped by setting this field to `Stopped`. A stopped Agent Pool stops all of its VMs and does not accrue billing charges. An Agent Pool can only be stopped if it is Running and provisioning state is Succeeded.
- `proximity_placement_group_id` (String) The ID for Proximity Placement Group.
- `scale_down_mode` (String) This also effects the cluster autoscaler behavior. If not specified, it defaults to `Delete`.
- `scale_set_eviction_policy` (String) This cannot be specified unless the *scale_set_priority=Spot*. If not specified, the default is `Delete`.
- `scale_set_priority` (String) The Virtual Machine Scale Set priority. If not specified, the default is `Regular`.
- `security_profile` (String) The security settings of an agent pool.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `spot_max_price` (Number) Possible values are any decimal value greater than zero or -1. Indicates the willingness to pay any on-demand price.
- `state` (String) State of the automation runbook. Use `present` to create or update a automation runbook and use `absent` to delete.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type_properties_type` (String) AgentPoolType represents types of an agent pool.
- `upgrade_settings` (String) Settings for upgrading the agentpool.
- `vm_size` (String) Size of agent VMs
- `vnet_subnet_id` (String) VNet SubnetID specifies the VNet's subnet identifier.
- `windows_profile` (String) The Windows agent pool's specific profile.
- `workload_runtime` (String) Determines the type of workload a node can run.

### Read-Only

- `aks_agent_pools` (String) Details for a node pool in the managed Kubernetes cluster.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
