---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_manageddisk Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_manageddisk (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the managed disk.
- `resource_group` (String) Name of a resource group where the managed disk exists or will be created.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attach_caching` (String) Disk caching policy controlled by VM. Will be used when attached to the VM defined by `managed_by`. If this option is different from the current caching policy, the managed disk will be deattached and attached with current caching option again.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `create_option` (String) `import` from a VHD file in *source_uri* and `copy` from previous managed disk *source_uri*.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disk_access_id` (String) ARM ID of the DiskAccess resource for using private endpoints on disks.
- `disk_iops_read_only` (Number) The total throughput (MBps) that will be allowed across all VMs mounting the shared disk as ReadOnly. One operation can transfer between 4k and 256k bytes.
- `disk_iops_read_write` (Number) The number of IOPS allowed for this disk. Only settable for *storage_account_type=UltraSSD_LRS* disks. One operation can transfer between 4k and 256k bytes.
- `disk_m_bps_read_only` (Number) The total throughput (MBps) that will be allowed across all VMs mounting the shared disk as ReadOnly. MBps means millions of bytes per second - MB here uses the ISO notation, of powers of 10.
- `disk_m_bps_read_write` (Number) The bandwidth allowed for this disk. Only settable for *storage_account_type=UltraSSD_LRS* disks. One operation can transfer between 4k and 256k bytes.
- `disk_size_gb` (Number) Size in GB of the managed disk to be created. If *create_option=copy* then the value must be greater than or equal to the source's size.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gallery_image_reference` (String) Required if creating from a Gallery Image. The id/sharedGalleryImageId/communityGalleryImageId of the ImageDiskReference will be the ARM id of the shared galley image version from which to create a disk.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `image_reference` (String) Disk source information for PIR or user images or Gallery Image.
- `location` (String) Valid Azure location. Defaults to location of the resource group.
- `logical_sector_size` (Number) Logical sector size in bytes for Ultra disks. Supported values are 512 ad 4096. 4096 is the default.
- `lun` (Number) The logical unit number for data disk. This value is used to identify data disks within the VM and therefore must be unique for each data disk attached to a VM.
- `managed_by` (String) Name of an existing virtual machine with which the disk is or will be associated, this VM should be in the same resource group. To detach a disk from a vm, explicitly set to ''. If this option is unset, the value will not be changed.
- `managed_by_extended` (String) List of name and resource group of the VMs that have the disk attached. *max_shares* should be set to a value greater than one for disks to allow attaching them to multiple VMs.
- `max_shares` (Number) The maximum number of VMs that can attach to the disk at the same time. Value greater than one indicates a disk that can be mounted on multiple VMs at the same time.
- `network_access_policy` (String) Policy for accessing the disk via network.
- `os_type` (String) Type of Operating System. Used when *create_option=copy* or *create_option=import* and the source is an OS disk. If omitted during creation, no value is set. If omitted during an update, no change is made. Once set, this value cannot be cleared.
- `performance_plus` (Boolean) Set this flag to true to get a boost on the performance target of the disk deployed, see here on the respective performance target. This flag can only be set on disk creation time and cannot be disabled after enabled.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `public_network_access` (String) Policy for controlling export on the disk.
- `security_profile` (String) Contains the security related information for the resource.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_resource_id` (String) If *create_option=copy*, this is the ARM id of the source snapshot or disk.
- `source_uri` (String) URI to a valid VHD file to be used or the resource ID of the managed disk to copy.
- `state` (String) Assert the state of the managed disk. Use `present` to create or update a managed disk and `absent` to delete a managed disk.
- `storage_account_id` (String) The full path to the storage account the image is to be imported from. Required when *create_option=import*.
- `storage_account_type` (String) Type of storage for the managed disk. If not specified, the disk is created as `Standard_LRS`. `Standard_LRS` is for Standard HDD. `StandardSSD_LRS` (added in 2.8) is for Standard SSD. `StandardSSD_ZRS` is for Standard SSD Zone-redundant. `Premium_LRS` is for Premium SSD. `Premium_ZRS` is for Premium SSD Zone-redundant. `UltraSSD_LRS` (added in 2.8) is for Ultra SSD, which is only available on select instance types. See https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/disks-types for more information about disk types.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tier` (String) Performance tier assigned to this disk. Only settable for *storage_account_type=Premium_LRS* disks. Allowed values are `P1`, `P2`, `P3`, `P4`, `P6`, `P10`, `P15`, `P20`, `P30`, `P40`, `P50`, `P60`, `P70`, `P80` See https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/disks-change-performance for more information about disk performance tiers. Does not apply to Ultra disks.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `upload_size_bytes` (Number) If *create_option=upload*, this is the size of the contents of the upload including the VHD footer. This value should be between 20972032 (20 MiB + 512 bytes for the VHD footer) and 35183298347520 bytes (32 TiB + 512 bytes for the VHD footer).
- `write_accelerator_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether writeAccelerator should be enabled or disabled on the disk.
- `zone` (String) The Azure managed disk's zone. Allowed values are `1`, `2`, `3` and `''`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
