---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_storageaccount_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_storageaccount_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_mode` (String) The mode in which to run the command. `login` mode will directly use your login credentials for the authentication. The legacy `key` mode will attempt to query for an account key if no authentication parameters for the account are provided. Can also be set via the environment variable `AZURE_STORAGE_AUTH_MODE`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Only show results for a specific account.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resource_group` (String) Limit results to a resource group. Required when filtering by name.
- `show_blob_cors` (Boolean) Show the blob CORS settings for each blob related to the storage account. Querying all storage accounts will take a long time.
- `show_connection_string` (Boolean) Show the connection string for each of the storageaccount's endpoints. For convenient usage, *show_connection_string* will also show the access keys for each of the storageaccount's endpoints. Note that it will cost a lot of time when list all storageaccount rather than query a single one.
- `show_georeplication_stats` (Boolean) Show the Geo Replication Stats for each storage account. Using this option on an account that does not support georeplication will cause a delay in getting results.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `azure_storageaccounts` (String) List of storage account dicts.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `storageaccounts` (String) List of storage account dicts in resource module's parameter format.
