---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_monitormetricalerts Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_azure_azcollection_azure_rm_monitormetricalerts (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the metric alert you're creating, updateing or deleting.
- `resource_group` (String) The name of the resource group.

### Optional

- `actions` (String) The actions that will activate when the condition is met. https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/monitor/metric-alerts/create-or-update?view=rest-monitor-2018-03-01&tabs=HTTP#metricalertaction
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_mitigate` (Boolean) the flag that indicates whether the alert should be auto resolved or not. The default is true.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `criteria` (String) Defines the specific alert criteria information. Required for creation.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A description of this metric alert rule.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this metric alert is enabled. If an metric alert is not enabled, then none of its receivers will receive communications. Required on creation.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `evaluation_frequency` (String) How often the metric alert is evaluated represented in ISO 8601 duration format. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations Required for creation.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `location` (String) Location of the metric alert. Metric alerts are usually 'Global'. If unspecified will default to 'Global' on creation.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `scopes` (String) A list of resource IDs that will be used as prefixes. The alert will only apply to Metric events with resource IDs that fall under one of these prefixes. This list must include at least one item for creation.
- `severity` (Number) Severity 1-4 of the alert. Required on creation.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the metric alert Use `present` for creating/updating a metric alert. Use `absent` for deleting a metric alert.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_resource_region` (String) The region of the target resource(s) on which the alert is created/updated. Mandatory (for creation) if the scope contains a subscription, resource group, or more than one resource.
- `target_resource_type` (String) The resource type of the target resource(s) on which the alert is created/updated. Mandatory (for creation) if the scope contains a subscription, resource group, or more than one resource.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `window_size` (String) The period of time (in ISO 8601 duration format) that is used to monitor alert activity based on the threshold. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations Required for creation.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `metricalert` (String) Details of the metric alert Is null on state==absent (metric alert does not exist or will be deleted) Assumes you make legal changes in check mode
