---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_set_login_restrictions Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_set_login_restrictions (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `display_access_denied_message` (Boolean) Indicates whether to display informative message upon denying access. <font color="red">Required only when</font> lockout-admin-account is set to true.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_authentication_attempts` (Number) Number of failed authentication attempts before lockout administrator account. <font color="red">Required only when</font> lockout-admin-account is set to true. Valid values are between 1 and 120.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lockout_admin_account` (Boolean) Indicates whether to lockout administrator's account after specified number of failed authentication attempts.
- `lockout_duration` (Number) Number of minutes of administrator account lockout. <font color="red">Required only when</font> lockout-admin-account is set to true. Valid values are between 1 and 120.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unlock_admin_account` (Boolean) Indicates whether to unlock administrator account after specified number of minutes. <font color="red">Required only when</font> lockout-admin-account is set to true.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cp_mgmt_set_login_restrictions` (String) The checkpoint set-login-restrictions output.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
