---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_data_type_weighted_keywords Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_data_type_weighted_keywords (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Object name.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `color` (String) Color of the object. Should be one of existing colors.
- `comments` (String) Comments string.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) For built-in data types, the description explains the purpose of this type of data representation. For custom-made data types, you can use this field to provide more details.
- `details_level` (String) The level of detail for some of the fields in the response can vary from showing only the UID value of the object to a fully detailed representation of the object.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_warnings` (Boolean) Apply changes ignoring warnings.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sum_of_weights_threshold` (Number) Define the number of appearances, by weight, of all the keywords that, beyond this threshold, the data containing this list of words or phrases will be recognized as data to be protected.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `weighted_keywords` (String) List of keywords or phrases.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cp_mgmt_data_type_weighted_keywords` (String) The checkpoint object created or updated.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
