---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_show_changes Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_show_changes (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dereference_group_members` (Boolean) Indicates whether to dereference "members" field by details level for every object in reply.
- `dereference_max_depth` (Number) When details level is full you can choose the number of levels in the API reply.
- `details_level` (String) The level of detail for some of the fields in the response can vary from showing only the UID value of the object to a fully detailed representation of the object.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `from_date` (String) The date from which tracking changes is to be performed. ISO 8601. If timezone isn't specified in the input, the Management server's timezone is used.
- `from_session` (String) The session UID from which tracking changes is to be performed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `limit` (Number) Maximum number of sessions to analyze.
- `offset` (Number) Number of sessions to skip (beginning with from-session).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `show_membership` (Boolean) Indicates whether to calculate and show "groups" field for every object in reply.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `to_date` (String) The date until which tracking changes is to be performed. ISO 8601. If timezone isn't specified in the input, the Management server's timezone is used.
- `to_session` (String) The session UID until which tracking changes is to be performed.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cp_mgmt_show_changes` (String) The checkpoint show-changes output.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
