---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_set_global_properties Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_set_global_properties (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `advanced_conf` (String) Configure advanced global attributes. It's highly recommended to consult with Check Point's Technical Support before modifying these values.
- `allow_remote_registration_of_opsec_products` (Boolean) After installing an OPSEC application, the remote administration (RA) utility enables an OPSEC product to finish registering itself without having to access the SmartConsole. If set to true, any host including the application host can run the utility. Otherwise,  the RA utility can only be run from the Security Management host.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authentication` (String) Define Authentication properties that are common to all users and to the various ways that the Check Point Security Gateway asks for passwords (User, Client and Session Authentication).
- `auto_publish_session` (Boolean) Publish the current session if changes have been performed after task completes.
- `carrier_security` (String) Specify system-wide properties. Select GTP intra tunnel inspection options, including anti-spoofing; tracking and logging options, and integrity tests.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connect_control` (String) Configure settings that relate to ConnectControl server load balancing.
- `data_access_control` (String) Configure automatic downloads from Check Point and anonymously share product data. Options selected here apply to all Security Gateways, Clusters and VSX devices managed by this management server.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `details_level` (String) The level of detail for some of the fields in the response can vary from showing only the UID value of the object to a fully detailed representation of the object.
- `domains_to_process` (String) Indicates which domains to process the commands on. It cannot be used with the details-level full, must be run from the System Domain only and with ignore-warnings true. Valid values are, CURRENT_DOMAIN, ALL_DOMAINS_ON_THIS_SERVER.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `firewall` (String) Add implied rules to or remove them from the Firewall Rule Base. Determine the position of the implied rules in the Rule Base, and whether or not to log them.
- `hit_count` (String) Enable the Hit Count feature that tracks the number of connections that each rule matches.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_warnings` (Boolean) Apply changes ignoring warnings.
- `log_and_alert` (String) Define system-wide logging and alerting parameters.
- `nat` (String) Configure settings that apply to all NAT connections.
- `non_unique_ip_address_ranges` (String) Specify Non Unique IP Address Ranges.
- `num_spoofing_errs_that_trigger_brute_force` (Number) Indicates how many incorrectly signed packets will be tolerated before assuming that there is an attack on the packet tagging and revoking the client's key.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `proxy` (String) Select whether a proxy server is used when servers, gateways, or clients need to access the internet for certain Check Point features and set the default proxy server that will be used.
- `qos` (String) Define the general parameters of Quality of Service (QoS) and apply them to QoS rules.
- `remote_access` (String) Configure Remote Access properties.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `stateful_inspection` (String) Adjust Stateful Inspection parameters.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_accounts` (String) Set the expiration for a user account and configure "about to expire" warnings.
- `user_authority` (String) Decide whether to display and access the WebAccess rule base. This policy defines which users (that is, which Windows Domains) have access to the internal sites of the organization.
- `user_check` (String) Set a language for the UserCheck message if the language setting in the user's browser cannot be determined.
- `user_directory` (String) User can enable LDAP User Directory as well as specify global parameters for LDAP. If LDAP User Directory is enabled, this means that users are managed on an external LDAP server and not on the internal Check Point Security Gateway users databases.
- `vpn` (String) Configure settings relevant to VPN.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cp_mgmt_set_global_properties` (String) The checkpoint set-global-properties output.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
