---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_md_permissions_profile Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_md_permissions_profile (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Object name.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cme_operations` (String) Permission to read / edit the Cloud Management Extension (CME) configuration.
- `color` (String) Color of the object. Should be one of existing colors.
- `comments` (String) Comments string.
- `default_profile_global_domains` (String) Name or UID of the required default profile for all global domains.
- `default_profile_local_domains` (String) Name or UID of the required default profile for all local domains.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `details_level` (String) The level of detail for some of the fields in the response can vary from showing only the UID value of the object to a fully detailed representation of the object.
- `domains_to_process` (String) Indicates which domains to process the commands on. It cannot be used with the details-level full, must be run from the System Domain only and with ignore-warnings true. Valid values are, CURRENT_DOMAIN, ALL_DOMAINS_ON_THIS_SERVER.
- `enable_default_profile_for_global_domains` (Boolean) Enable the option to specify a default profile for all global domains.
- `enable_default_profile_for_local_domains` (Boolean) Enable the option to specify a default profile for all local domains.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `global_vpn_management` (Boolean) Lets the administrator select Enable global use for a Security Gateway shown in the MDS Gateways & Servers view.<br>Only a 'Manager' permission-level profile can edit this permission.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_warnings` (Boolean) Apply changes ignoring warnings.
- `manage_admins` (Boolean) Create and manage Multi-Domain Security Management administrators with the same or lower permission level. For example, a Domain manager cannot create Superusers or global managers.<br>Only a 'Manager' permission-level profile can edit this permission.
- `manage_global_assignments` (Boolean) Controls the ability to create, edit and delete global assignment and not the ability to reassign, which is set according to the specific Domain's permission profile.
- `manage_sessions` (Boolean) Connect/disconnect Domain sessions, publish changes, and delete other administrator sessions.<br>Only a 'Manager' permission-level profile can edit this permission.
- `management_api_login` (Boolean) Permission to log in to the Security Management Server and run API commands using these tools, mgmt_cli (Linux and Windows binaries), Gaia CLI (clish) and Web Services (REST). Useful if you want to prevent administrators from running automatic scripts on the Management.<br>Note, This permission is not required to run commands from within the API terminal in SmartConsole.
- `mds_provisioning` (Boolean) Create and manage Multi-Domain Servers and Multi-Domain Log Servers.<br>Only a "Super User" permission-level profile can select this option.
- `permission_level` (String) The level of the Multi Domain Permissions Profile.<br>The level cannot be changed after creation.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `view_global_objects_in_domain` (Boolean) Lets an administrator with no global objects permissions view the global objects in the domain. This option is required for valid domain management.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cp_mgmt_md_permissions_profile` (String) The checkpoint object created or updated.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
