---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_set_outbound_inspection_certificate Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_set_outbound_inspection_certificate (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Object name.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `base64_password` (String) Password (encoded in Base64 with padding) for the certificate file.<br><font color="red">Required only if</font> one of the following parameters is given, issued-by, valid-from, valid-to. Available from R82 management version.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `color` (String) Color of the object. Should be one of existing colors. Available from R82 management version.
- `comments` (String) Comments string. Available from R82 management version.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `details_level` (String) The level of detail for some of the fields in the response can vary from showing only the UID value of the object to a fully detailed representation of the object.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_warnings` (Boolean) Apply changes ignoring warnings. Available from R82 management version.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Is the certificate the default certificate. Available from R82 management version.
- `issued_by` (String) The DN (Distinguished Name) of the certificate.<br><font color="red">Required only if</font> one of the following parameters is given, base64-password, valid-from, valid-to. Available from R82 management version.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `valid_from` (String) The date, from which the certificate is valid. Format, YYYY-MM-DD.<br><font color="red">Required only if</font> one of the following parameters is given, issued-by, base64-password, valid-to. Available from R82 management version.
- `valid_to` (String) The certificate expiration date. Format, YYYY-MM-DD.<br><font color="red">Required only if</font> one of the following parameters is given, issued-by, base64-password, valid-from. Available from R82 management version.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cp_mgmt_set_outbound_inspection_certificate` (String) The checkpoint set-outbound-inspection-certificate output.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
