---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_export_management Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_export_management (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain_name` (String) Domain name to be exported.<br><font color="red">Required only for</font> exporting a Domain from the Multi-Domain Server or backing up Domain.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `file_path` (String) Path in which the exported database file is saved.<br><font color="red">Required only</font> when not using pre-export-verification-only flag.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_warnings` (Boolean) Ignoring the verification warnings. By Setting this parameter to 'true' export will not be blocked by warnings.
- `include_endpoint_configuration` (Boolean) Include export of the Endpoint Security Management configuration files.
- `include_endpoint_database` (Boolean) Include export of the Endpoint Security Management database.
- `include_logs` (Boolean) Export logs without log indexes.
- `include_logs_indexes` (Boolean) Export logs with log indexes.
- `is_domain_backup` (Boolean) If true, the exported Domain will be suitable for import on the same Multi-Domain Server only.
- `is_smc_to_mds` (Boolean) If true, the exported Security Management Server will be suitable for import on the Multi-Domain Server only.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pre_export_verification_only` (Boolean) If true, only runs the pre-export verifications instead of the full export.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_version` (String) Target version.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cp_mgmt_export_management` (String) The checkpoint export-management output.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
