---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_network_feed Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_network_feed (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Object name.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `certificate_id` (String) Certificate SHA-1 fingerprint to access the feed.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `color` (String) Color of the object. Should be one of existing colors.
- `comments` (String) Comments string.
- `custom_header` (String) Headers to allow different authentication methods with the URL.
- `data_column` (Number) Number of the column that contains the feed's data.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `details_level` (String) The level of detail for some of the fields in the response can vary from showing only the UID value of the object to a fully detailed representation of the object.
- `domains_to_process` (String) Indicates which domains to process the commands on. It cannot be used with the details-level full, must be run from the System Domain only and with ignore-warnings true. Valid values are, CURRENT_DOMAIN, ALL_DOMAINS_ON_THIS_SERVER.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `feed_format` (String) Feed file format.
- `feed_type` (String) Feed type to be enforced.
- `feed_url` (String) URL of the feed. URL should be written as http or https.
- `fields_delimiter` (String) The delimiter that separates between the columns in the feed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_lines_that_start_with` (String) A prefix that will determine which lines to ignore.
- `ignore_warnings` (Boolean) Apply changes ignoring warnings.
- `json_query` (String) JQ query to be parsed.
- `password` (String) password for authenticating with the URL.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_interval` (Number) Interval in minutes for updating the feed on the Security Gateway.
- `use_gateway_proxy` (Boolean) Use the gateway's proxy for retrieving the feed.
- `username` (String) username for authenticating with the URL.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cp_mgmt_network_feed` (String) The checkpoint object created or updated.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
