---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_set_default_administrator_settings Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_set_default_administrator_settings (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authentication_method` (String) Authentication method for new administrator.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `days_to_indicate_expiration_in_admin_view` (Number) Number of days in advanced to show 'about to expire' indication in administrator view. Valid values are between 1 and 99.
- `days_to_notify_expiration_to_admin` (Number) Number of days in advanced to notify administrator about expiration. Valid values are between 1 and 99.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `expiration_date` (String) Expiration date for new administrator in YYYY-MM-DD format. <font color="red">Required only when</font> 'expiration-type' is set to 'expiration date'.
- `expiration_period` (Number) Expiration period for new administrator. <font color="red">Required only when</font> 'expiration-type' is set to 'expiration period'. Valid values are between 1 and 99.
- `expiration_period_time_units` (String) Expiration period time units for new administrator. <font color="red">Required only when</font> 'expiration-type' is set to 'expiration period'.
- `expiration_type` (String) Expiration type for new administrator.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `indicate_expiration_in_admin_view` (Boolean) Indicates whether to notify administrator about expiration.
- `notify_expiration_to_admin` (Boolean) Indicates whether to show 'about to expire' indication in administrator view.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cp_mgmt_set_default_administrator_settings` (String) The checkpoint set-default-administrator-settings output.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
