---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_set_content_awareness_advanced_settings Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_set_content_awareness_advanced_settings (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `httpi_non_standard_ports` (Boolean) Servers usually send HTTP traffic on TCP port 80. Some servers send HTTP traffic on other ports also. By default, this setting is enabled and Content Awareness inspects HTTP traffic on non-standard ports. You can disable this setting and configure Content Awareness to inspect HTTP traffic only on port 80.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `inspect_archives` (Boolean) Examine the content of archive files. For example, files with the extension .zip, .gz, .tgz, .tar.Z, .tar, .lzma, .tlz, 7z, .rar.
- `internal_error_fail_mode` (String) In case of internal system error, allow or block all connections.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `supported_services` (String) Specify the services that Content Awareness inspects.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cp_mgmt_set_content_awareness_advanced_settings` (String) The checkpoint set-content-awareness-advanced-settings output.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
