---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_set_app_control_advanced_settings Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_set_app_control_advanced_settings (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `block_request_when_web_service_is_unavailable` (Boolean) Block requests when the web service is unavailable. When selected, requests are blocked when there is no connectivity to the Check Point Online Web Service. When cleared, requests are allowed when there is no connectivity. This property is not available in the Global domain of an MDS machine.
- `categorize_social_network_widgets` (Boolean) When selected, the Security Gateway connects to the Check Point Online Web Service to identify social networking widgets that it does not recognize. When cleared or there is no connectivity between the Security Gateway and the Check Point Online Web, the unknown widget is treated as Web Browsing traffic. This property is not available in the Global domain of an MDS machine.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `custom_categorization_settings` (String) Website categorization mode - select the mode that is used for website categorization. This property is not available in the Global domain of an MDS machine.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain_level_permission` (Boolean) Allows the editing of applications, categories, and services. This property is used only in the Global Domain of an MDS machine.
- `enable_web_browsing` (Boolean) If you do not enable URL Filtering on the Security Gateway, you can use a generic Web browser application called Web Browsing in the rule. This application includes all HTTP traffic that is not a defined application Application and URL Filtering assigns Web Browsing as the default application for all HTTP traffic that does not match an application in the Application and URL Filtering Database. This property is not available in the Global domain of an MDS machine.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `httpi_non_standard_ports` (Boolean) Enable HTTP inspection on non standard ports for application and URL filtering. This property is not available in the Global domain of an MDS machine.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `internal_error_fail_mode` (String) In case of internal system error, allow or block all connections. This property is not available in the Global domain of an MDS machine.
- `match_application_on_any_port` (Boolean) Match Web application on 'Any' port when used in Block rule - By default this is set to true. and so applications are matched on all services when used in a Block rule.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url_filtering_settings` (String) In this section user can enable  URL Filtering features. This property is not available in the Global domain of an MDS machine.
- `web_browsing_services` (String) Web browsing services are the services that match a Web-based custom Application/Site.
- `website_categorization_mode` (String) Hold - Requests are blocked until categorization is complete. Background - Requests are allowed until categorization is complete. Custom - configure different settings depending on the service. Lets you set different modes for URL Filtering and Social Networking Widgets. This property is not available in the Global domain of an MDS machine.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cp_mgmt_set_app_control_advanced_settings` (String) The checkpoint set-app-control-advanced-settings output.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
