---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_set_threat_advanced_settings Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_set_threat_advanced_settings (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_publish_session` (Boolean) Publish the current session if changes have been performed after task completes.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `feed_retrieving_interval` (String) Feed retrieving intervals of External Feed, in the form of HH,MM.
- `httpi_non_standard_ports` (Boolean) Enable HTTP Inspection on non standard ports for Threat Prevention blades.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_warnings` (Boolean) Apply changes ignoring warnings.
- `internal_error_fail_mode` (String) In case of internal system error, allow or block all connections.
- `log_unification_timeout` (Number) Session unification timeout for logs (minutes).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resource_classification` (String) Allow (Background) or Block (Hold) requests until categorization is complete.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cp_mgmt_set_threat_advanced_settings` (String) The checkpoint set-threat-advanced-settings output.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
