---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_set_https_advanced_settings Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_check_point_mgmt_cp_mgmt_set_https_advanced_settings (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `blocked_certificate_tracking` (String) Controls whether to log and send a notification for dropped traffic.<br><ul style="list-style-type,square"><li>None - Does not record the event.</li><li>Log - Records the event details in SmartView.</li><li>Alert - Logs the event and executes a command.</li><li>Mail - Sends an email to the administrator.</li><li>SNMP Trap - Sends an SNMP alert to the SNMP GU.</li><li>User Defined Alert - Sends customized alerts.</li></ul>.
- `blocked_certificates` (String) Collection of certificates objects identified by serial number.<br>Drop traffic from servers using the blocked certificate.
- `bypass_on_client_failure` (Boolean) Whether all requests should be bypassed or blocked-in case of client errors (Client closes the connection due to authentication issues during handshake)<br><ul style="list-style-type,square"><li>true - Fail-open (bypass all requests).</li><li>false - Fail-close (block all requests.</li></ul><br>The default value is true.
- `bypass_on_failure` (Boolean) Whether all requests should be bypassed or blocked-in case of server errors (for example validation error during GW-Server authentication)<br><ul style="list-style-type,square"><li>true - Fail-open (bypass all requests).</li><li>false - Fail-close (block all requests.</li></ul><br>The default value is true.
- `bypass_under_load` (String) Bypass the HTTPS Inspection temporarily to improve connectivity during a heavy load on the Security Gateway. The HTTPS Inspection would resume as soon as the load decreases.
- `bypass_update_services` (Boolean) Configure the value "true" to bypass traffic to well-known software update services.<br>The default value is true.
- `certificate_pinned_apps_action` (String) Configure the value "bypass" to bypass traffic from certificate-pinned applications approved by Check Point.<br>HTTPS Inspection cannot inspect connections initiated by certificate-pinned applications.<br>Configure the value "detect" to send logs for traffic from certificate-pinned applications approved by Check Point.<br>The default value is bypass.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `details_level` (String) The level of detail for some of the fields in the response can vary from showing only the UID value of the object to a fully detailed representation of the object.
- `domains_to_process` (String) Indicates which domains to process the commands on. It cannot be used with the details-level full, must be run from the System Domain only and with ignore-warnings true. Valid values are, CURRENT_DOMAIN, ALL_DOMAINS_ON_THIS_SERVER.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_warnings` (Boolean) Apply changes ignoring warnings.
- `log_sessions` (Boolean) The value "true" configures the Security Gateway to send HTTPS Inspection session logs.<br>The default value is true.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `retrieve_intermediate_ca_certificates` (Boolean) Configure the value "true" to use the "Certificate Authority Information Access" extension to retrieve certificates that are missing from the certificate chain.<br>The default value is true.
- `server_certificate_validation_actions` (String) When a Security Gateway receives an untrusted certificate from a website server, define when to drop the connection and how to track it.
- `site_categorization_allow_mode` (String) Whether all requests should be allowed or blocked until categorization is complete.<br><ul style="list-style-type,square"><li>Background - to allow requests until categorization is complete.</li><li>Hold- to block requests until categorization is complete.</li></ul><br>The default value is hold.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cp_mgmt_set_https_advanced_settings` (String) The checkpoint set-https-advanced-settings output.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
