---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_chocolatey_chocolatey_win_chocolatey_source Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_chocolatey_chocolatey_win_chocolatey_source (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the source to configure.

### Optional

- `admin_only` (Boolean) Makes the source visible to Administrators only. Requires Chocolatey >= 0.10.8. When creating a new source, this defaults to `false`.
- `allow_self_service` (Boolean) Allow the source to be used with self-service Requires Chocolatey >= 0.10.4. When creating a new source, this defaults to `false`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bypass_proxy` (Boolean) Bypass the proxy when using this source. Requires Chocolatey >= 0.10.4. When creating a new source, this defaults to `false`.
- `certificate` (String) The path to a .pfx file to use for X509 authenticated feeds. Requires Chocolatey >= 0.9.10.
- `certificate_password` (String) The password for *certificate* if required. Requires Chocolatey >= 0.9.10.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `priority` (Number) The priority order of this source compared to other sources, lower is better. All priorities above `0` will be evaluated first, then zero-based values will be evaluated in config file order. Requires Chocolatey >= 0.9.9.9. When creating a new source, this defaults to `0`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) The file/folder/url of the source. Required when *state* is `present` or `disabled` and the source does not already exist.
- `source_password` (String) The password for *source_username*. Required if *source_username* is set.
- `source_username` (String) The username used to access *source*.
- `state` (String) When `absent`, will remove the source. When `disabled`, will ensure the source exists but is disabled. When `present`, will ensure the source exists and is enabled.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_password` (String) When `always`, the module will always set the password and report a change if *certificate_password* or *source_password* is set. When `on_create`, the module will only set the password if the source is being created.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
