---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_chocolatey_chocolatey_win_chocolatey Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_chocolatey_chocolatey_win_chocolatey (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the package(s) to be installed. Set to `all` to run the action on all the installed packages.

### Optional

- `allow_empty_checksums` (Boolean) Allow empty checksums to be used for downloaded resource from non-secure locations. Use `chocolatey.chocolatey.win_chocolatey_feature` with the name `allowEmptyChecksums` to control this option globally.
- `allow_multiple` (Boolean) This option is deprecated and will be removed in v2.0.0 of this collection. Chocolatey CLI has [deprecated side-by-side installations]( https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/issues/2787) as of its v1.2.0 release and plans to remove them in its v2.0.0 release. Chocolatey CLI (choco) v2.0.0 and higher do not support this option. This module will return an error if this option is enabled and the installed version of Chocolatey CLI on the client is v2.0.0 or higher. Allow the installation of multiple packages when *version* is specified. Having multiple packages at different versions can cause issues if the package doesn't support this. Use at your own risk. The value of this parameter is ignored if *state* is `absent`. Instead, this parameter is automatically configured to remove all versions if *version* is not specified, and the specific version only if *version* is specified.
- `allow_prerelease` (Boolean) Allow the installation of pre-release packages. If *state* is `latest`, the latest pre-release package will be installed.
- `architecture` (String) Force Chocolatey to install the package of a specific process architecture. When setting `x86`, will ensure Chocolatey installs the x86 package even when on an x64 bit OS.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bootstrap_script` (String) Specify the bootstrap script URL that can be used to install Chocolatey if it is not already present on the system. Use this parameter when *name* is `chocolatey` to ensure that a custom bootstrap script is used. If neither this parameter nor *source* is set, the bootstrap script url will be `https://community.chocolatey.org/install.ps1` If this parameter is not set, and *source* is set to a url, the bootstrap script url will be determined from that url instead. This parameter only defines which bootstrap script is used to download and install Chocolatey. To define the URL to a specific Chocolatey nupkg to install, note that many bootstrap scripts respect the value of the `chocolateyDownloadUrl` environment variable, which can be set for the task as well.
- `bootstrap_tls_version` (String) Specify the TLS versions used when retrieving and invoking the *bootstrap_script* to install Chocolatey if it is not already installed on the system. Does not change the TLS versions used by Chocolatey itself after it has already been installed. Specified TLS versions may be ignored or unused if the target TLS version is not available on the client.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `checksum` (String) Override a package's checksums for files downloaded during installation. If the checksum is not MD5, you will need to specify the *checksum_type* as well.
- `checksum64` (String) Override a package's checksums for 64-bit files downloaded during installation. If the checksum is not MD5, you will need to specify the *checksum_type64* as well.
- `checksum_type` (String) Override a package's checksum type for files downloaded during install. Use in conjunction with *checksum*.
- `checksum_type64` (String) Override a package's checksum type for files downloaded during install. Use in conjunction with *checksum64*.
- `choco_args` (String) Additional parameters to pass to choco.exe These may be any additional parameters to pass through directly to Chocolatey, in addition to the arguments already specified via other parameters. This may be used to pass licensed options to Chocolatey, for example `--package-parameters-sensitive` or `--install-directory`. Passing licensed options may result in them being ignored or causing errors if the targeted node is unlicensed or missing the chocolatey.extension package.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Forces the install of a package, even if it already is installed. Using *force* will cause Ansible to always report that a change was made.
- `ignore_checksums` (Boolean) Ignore the checksums provided by the package. Use `chocolatey.chocolatey.win_chocolatey_feature` with the name `checksumFiles` to control this option globally.
- `ignore_dependencies` (Boolean) Ignore dependencies, only install/upgrade the package itself.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `install_args` (String) These are arguments that are passed directly to the installer run by the Chocolatey package, for example MSI properties or command-line arguments for the specific native installer used by the package. For parameters that need to be passed to the chocolateyInstall script for the Chocolatey package itself, use *package_params*.
- `override_args` (Boolean) Override arguments of native installer with arguments provided by user. Should install arguments be used exclusively without appending to current package passed arguments.
- `package_params` (String) Parameters to pass to the package's chocolateyInstall script. These are parameters specific to the Chocolatey package and are generally documented by the package itself. For parameters that should be passed directly to the underlying installer (for example, MSI installer properties and arguments), use *install_args* instead.
- `pinned` (Boolean) Whether to pin the Chocolatey package or not. If omitted then no checks on package pins are done. Will pin/unpin the specific version if *version* is set. Will pin the latest version of a package if `true`, *version* is not set and and no pin already exists. Will unpin all versions of a package if `no` and *version* is not set. This is ignored when `state=absent`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `proxy_password` (String) Proxy password used to install Chocolatey and the package. This value is exposed as a command argument and any privileged account can see this value when the module is running Chocolatey, define the password on the global config level with `chocolatey.chocolatey.win_chocolatey_config` with name `proxyPassword` to avoid this.
- `proxy_url` (String) Proxy URL used to install chocolatey and the package. Use `chocolatey.chocolatey.win_chocolatey_config` with the name `proxy` to control this option globally.
- `proxy_username` (String) Proxy username used to install Chocolatey and the package. Before Ansible 2.7, users with double quote characters `"` would need to be escaped with `\` beforehand. This is no longer necessary. Use `chocolatey.chocolatey.win_chocolatey_config` with the name `proxyUser` to control this option globally.
- `remove_dependencies` (Boolean) Remove a package's dependencies on uninstall.
- `skip_scripts` (Boolean) Do not run *chocolateyInstall.ps1* or *chocolateyUninstall.ps1* scripts when installing a package.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) Specify the source to retrieve the package from. Use `chocolatey.chocolatey.win_chocolatey_source` to manage global sources. This value can either be the URL to a Chocolatey feed, a path to a folder containing `.nupkg` packages or the name of a source defined by `chocolatey.chocolatey.win_chocolatey_source`. When Chocolatey is not yet installed, prefer using *bootstrap_script* instead to determine where to pull the bootstrap script from. This value may also be used when Chocolatey is not installed as the location of the install.ps1 script if *bootstrap_script* is not set, and only supports URLs for this case. In this case, if the URL ends in ".ps1", it is used as-is. Otherwise, if the URL appears to contain a "/repository/" fragment, the module will attempt to append "/install.ps1" to find an install script. If neither of these checks pass, the module will strip off the URL path and try to find an "/install.ps1" from the root of the server.
- `source_password` (String) The password for *source_username*. This value is exposed as a command argument and any privileged account can see this value when the module is running Chocolatey, define the credentials with a source with `chocolatey.chocolatey.win_chocolatey_source` to avoid this.
- `source_username` (String) A username to use with *source* when accessing a feed that requires authentication. It is recommended you define the credentials on a source with `chocolatey.chocolatey.win_chocolatey_source` instead of passing it per task.
- `state` (String) State of the package on the system. When `absent`, will ensure the package is not installed. When `present`, will ensure the package is installed. When `downgrade`, will allow Chocolatey to downgrade a package if *version* is older than the installed version. When `latest` or `upgrade`, will ensure the package is installed to the latest available version. When `reinstalled`, will uninstall and reinstall the package.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Used when downloading the Chocolatey install script if Chocolatey is not already installed, this does not affect the Chocolatey package install process. When `no`, no SSL certificates will be validated. This should only be used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificate.
- `version` (String) Specific version of the package to be installed. When *state* is set to `absent`, will uninstall the specific version otherwise all versions of that package will be removed. When *state* is set to `present` and the package is already installed at a version that does not match, this task fails. If a different version of package is already installed, *state* must be `latest`, `upgrade`, or `downgrade`, or *force* must be set to `true` to install the desired version. Provide as a string (e.g. `'6.1'`), otherwise it is considered to be a floating-point number and depending on the locale could become `6,1`, which will cause a failure. If *name* is set to `chocolatey` and Chocolatey is not installed on the host, this will be the version of Chocolatey that is installed. You can also set the `chocolateyVersion` environment var.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `command` (String) The full command used in the chocolatey task.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `rc` (Number) The return code from the chocolatey task.
- `stdout` (String) The stdout from the chocolatey task. The verbosity level of the messages are affected by Ansible verbosity setting, see notes for more details.
