---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_sda_port_assignment_for_user_device Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_sda_port_assignment_for_user_device (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authenticateTemplateName` (String) Authenticate TemplateName associated with siteNameHierarchy.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `dataIpAddressPoolName` (String) Ip Pool Name, that is assigned to virtual network with traffic type as DATA(can't be empty if voiceIpAddressPoolName is empty).
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deviceManagementIpAddress` (String) DeviceManagementIpAddress query parameter.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interfaceDescription` (String) User defined text message for port assignment.
- `interfaceName` (String) InterfaceName query parameter.
- `interfaceNames` (String) List of Interface Names on the Edge Node Device. E.g."GigabitEthernet1/0/3","GigabitEthernet1/0/4".
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `scalableGroupName` (String) Scalable Group name associated with VN.
- `siteNameHierarchy` (String) Complete Path of SD-Access Fabric Site.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `voiceIpAddressPoolName` (String) Ip Pool Name, that is assigned to virtual network with traffic type as VOIC`can't be empty if dataIpAddressPoolName is empty`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
