---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_images_id_sites_site_id_untag_golden Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_images_id_sites_site_id_untag_golden (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deviceRoles` (String) Device Roles. Available value will be CORE, DISTRIBUTION, UNKNOWN, ACCESS, BORDER ROUTER.
- `deviceTags` (String) Device tags can be fetched fom API https //developer.cisco.com/docs/dna-center/#!get-tag.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `productNameOrdinal` (Number) The product name ordinal is a unique value for each network device product. `productNameOrdinal` can be obtained from the response of API `/dna/intent/api/v1/siteWiseProductNam...
- `siteId` (String) SiteId path parameter. Site identifier for tagged image or intent to tag it. The default value is global site id. See https //developer.cisco.com/docs/dna-center(#!get-site) for `siteId`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `supervisorProductNameOrdinal` (Number) The supervisor engine module ordinal is a unique value for each supervisor module. `supervisorProductNameOrdinal` can be obtained from the response of API `/dna/intent/api/v1/siteWiseProductNames?siteId=<siteId>`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
