---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_nxos_nxos_vxlan_vtep_vni Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_nxos_nxos_vxlan_vtep_vni (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `interface` (String) Interface name for the VXLAN Network Virtualization Endpoint.
- `vni` (String) ID of the Virtual Network Identifier.

### Optional

- `assoc_vrf` (Boolean) This attribute is used to identify and separate processing VNIs that are associated with a VRF and used for routing. The VRF and VNI specified with this command must match the configuration of the VNI under the VRF.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ingress_replication` (String) Specifies mechanism for host reachability advertisement.
- `multicast_group` (String) The multicast group (range) of the VNI. Valid values are string and keyword 'default'.
- `multisite_ingress_replication` (String) Enables multisite ingress replication.
- `peer_list` (String) Set the ingress-replication static peer list. Valid values are an array, a space-separated string of ip addresses, or the keyword 'default'.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Determines whether the config should be present or not on the device.
- `suppress_arp` (Boolean) Suppress arp under layer 2 VNI.
- `suppress_arp_disable` (Boolean) Overrides the global ARP suppression config. This is available on NX-OS 9K series running 9.2.x or higher.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `commands` (String) commands sent to the device
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
