---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_aci_aci_l3out_bgp_peer Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_aci_aci_l3out_bgp_peer (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `address_type_controls` (String) Address Type Controls
- `admin_state` (String) Admin state for the BGP session
- `allow_self_as_count` (Number) Number of allowed self AS. Only used if `allow-self-as` is enabled under `bgp_controls`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bgp_controls` (String) BGP Controls
- `bgp_infra_peer` (Boolean) BGP Infra peer (bgp:InfraPeerP).
- `bgp_password` (String) Password for the BGP Peer. Providing the password will always result in a change because the set password cannot be retrieved from APIC.
- `bgp_peer_prefix_policy` (String) BGP Peer Prefix Policy. BGP Peer Prefix Policy is only allowed to be configured when *bgp_infra_peer=true*.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description for the BGP Peer.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interface_profile` (String) Name of the interface profile.
- `l3out` (String) Name of an existing L3Out.
- `local_as_number` (Number) The local Autonomous System Number (ASN) of the L3Out BGP Peer. The APIC defaults to 0 when unset during creation.
- `local_as_number_config` (String) The local Autonomous System Number (ASN) configuration of the L3Out BGP Peer. The APIC defaults to `none` when unset during creation.
- `node_id` (String) Node to build the interface on for Port-channels and single ports. Hyphen separated pair of nodes (e.g. "201-202") for vPCs.
- `node_profile` (String) Name of the node profile.
- `path_ep` (String) Path to interface Interface Port Group name for Port-channels and vPCs Port number for single ports (e.g. "eth1/12")
- `peer_controls` (String) Peer Controls
- `peer_ip` (String) IP address of the BGP peer.
- `peer_type` (String) BGP Peer type.
- `pod_id` (String) Pod to build the interface on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_asn_controls` (String) Private AS Controls
- `remote_asn` (Number) Autonomous System Number of the BGP peer.
- `route_control_profiles` (String) List of dictionaries objects, which is used to bind the BGP Peer Connectivity Profile to Route Control Profile.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `present` or `absent` for adding or removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tenant` (String) Name of an existing tenant.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `transport_data_plane` (String) Transport Data Plane type.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `ttl` (Number) eBGP Multihop Time To Live
- `weight` (Number) Weight for BGP routes from this neighbor

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `current` (String) The existing configuration from the APIC after the module has finished
- `error` (String) The error information as returned from the APIC
- `filter_string` (String) The filter string used for the request
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `method` (String) The HTTP method used for the request to the APIC
- `previous` (String) The original configuration from the APIC before the module has started
- `proposed` (String) The assembled configuration from the user-provided parameters
- `raw` (String) The raw output returned by the APIC REST API (xml or json)
- `response` (String) The HTTP response from the APIC
- `sent` (String) The actual/minimal configuration pushed to the APIC
- `status` (Number) The HTTP status from the APIC
- `url` (String) The HTTP url used for the request to the APIC
