---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_endpoint_analytics_profiling_rules Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_endpoint_analytics_profiling_rules (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clusterId` (String) Unique identifier for ML cluster. Only applicable for 'ML Rule'.
- `conditionGroups` (String) Endpoint Analytics Profiling Rules's conditionGroups.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `isDeleted` (Boolean) Flag to indicate whether the rule was deleted.
- `lastModifiedBy` (String) User that last modified the rule. It is read-only, and is ignored if provided as part of input request.
- `lastModifiedOn` (Number) Timestamp (in epoch milliseconds) of last modification. It is read-only, and is ignored if provided as part of input request.
- `pluginId` (String) Plugin for the rule. Only applicable for 'Cisco Default' rules.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rejected` (Boolean) Flag to indicate whether rule has been rejected by user or not. Only applicable for 'ML Rule'.
- `result` (String) Endpoint Analytics Profiling Rules's result.
- `ruleId` (String) Unique identifier for the rule. This is normally generated by the system, and client does not need to provide it for rules that need to be newly created.
- `ruleName` (String) Human readable name for the rule.
- `rulePriority` (Number) Priority for the rule.
- `ruleType` (String) Type of the rule.
- `ruleVersion` (Number) Version of the rule.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sourcePriority` (Number) Source priority for the rule.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `usedAttributes` (String) List of attributes used in the rule. Only applicable for 'Cisco Default' rules.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
