---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_assurance_issue_workflow_manager Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_assurance_issue_workflow_manager (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (String) A list of settings and parameters to be applied. It consists of different sub-configurations for managing assurance settings such as issue settings, health score, ICAP settings, issue resolution, and command execution.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config_verify` (Boolean) Set to `true` to enable configuration verification on Cisco Catalyst Center after applying the playbook config. This will ensure that the system validates the configuration state after the change is applied.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specifies the desired state for the configuration. If `merged`, the module will create or update the configuration, adding new settings or modifying existing ones. If `deleted`, it will remove the specified settings.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `Response` (String) The response object containing execution details of suggested action commands.
- `Response_ignore` (String) The response after ignoring issues in Cisco Catalyst Center.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `response_create` (String) Details of the response returned by the assurance settings create API.
- `response_resolved` (String) The response after resolving issues in Cisco Catalyst Center.
- `response_update` (String) Details of the response returned by the assurance settings update API.
- `response_update_system_issue` (String) The response object containing detailed information about the issue or configuration.
