---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_diagnostic_validation_workflows_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_diagnostic_validation_workflows_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `endTime` (Number) EndTime query parameter. Workflows started before the given time (as milliseconds since UNIX epoch).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `limit` (Number) Limit query parameter. Specifies the maximum number of workflows to return per page. Must be an integer between 1 and 500, inclusive.
- `offset` (Number) Offset query parameter. The first record to show for this page; the first record is numbered 1.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `runStatus` (String) RunStatus query parameter. Execution status of the workflow. If the workflow is successfully submitted, runStatus is `PENDING`. If the workflow execution has started, runStatus is `IN_PROGRESS`. If the workflow executed is completed with all validations executed, runStatus is `COMPLETED`. If the workflow execution fails while running validations, runStatus is `FAILED`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startTime` (Number) StartTime query parameter. Workflows started after the given time (as milliseconds since UNIX epoch).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
