---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_aci_aci_ip_sla_monitoring_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_aci_aci_ip_sla_monitoring_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The SLA Policy description.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `frequency` (Number) Defines the interval at which probes are conducted. The APIC defaults to `60` when unset during creation. Permitted values are in the range of [1, 300].
- `http_uri` (String) The HTTP URI to use as the SLA destination. The APIC defaults to `/` when unset during creation. This is only supported in APIC v5.0 and above.
- `http_version` (String) The HTTP version to use. The APIC defaults to `1.0` when unset during creation. This is only supported in APIC v5.0 and above.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `multiplier` (Number) Specifies the number of consecutive probe failures required to determine the SLA as down. The APIC defaults to `3` when unset during creation. Permitted values are in the range of [1, 100].
- `name` (String) The SLA Policy name.
- `operation_timeout` (Number) The amount of time in milliseconds that the IP SLA operation waits for a response from its request packet. The APIC defaults to `900` when unset during creation. Permitted values are in the range of [0, 604800000]. This is only supported in APIC v5.1 and above.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `request_data_size` (Number) The number of bytes to send in the request. Only used if *sla_type=http*. The APIC defaults to `28` when unset during creation. Permitted values are in the range of [0, 17512] This is only supported in APIC v5.1 and above.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sla_port` (Number) The Port to monitor for TCP SLAs. Permitted values are in the range of [1, 65535].
- `sla_type` (String) The type of monitoring. The APIC defaults to `icmp` when unset during creation. *sla_type=http* is only supported in APIC v5.0 and above.
- `state` (String) Use `present` or `absent` for adding or removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tenant` (String) The name of an existing tenant.
- `threshold` (Number) The upper threshold value in milliseconds for calculating network monitoring statistics created by the IP SLA operation. The value specified for this property must not exceed the value specified for *operation_timeout*. The APIC defaults to `900` when unset during creation. Permitted values are in the range of [0, 604800000]. This is only supported in APIC v5.1 and above.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `traffic_class` (Number) Sets the Traffic Class value in the IPv6 header. The APIC defaults to `0` when unset during creation. Permitted values are in the range of [0, 255]. This is only supported in APIC v5.1 and above.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type_of_service` (Number) The Type of Service (ToS) value to set in the IPv4 header. The APIC defaults to `0` when unset during creation. Permitted values are in the range of [0, 255]. This is only supported in APIC v5.1 and above.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `current` (String) The existing configuration from the APIC after the module has finished
- `error` (String) The error information as returned from the APIC
- `filter_string` (String) The filter string used for the request
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `method` (String) The HTTP method used for the request to the APIC
- `previous` (String) The original configuration from the APIC before the module has started
- `proposed` (String) The assembled configuration from the user-provided parameters
- `raw` (String) The raw output returned by the APIC REST API (xml or json)
- `response` (String) The HTTP response from the APIC
- `sent` (String) The actual/minimal configuration pushed to the APIC
- `status` (Number) The HTTP status from the APIC
- `url` (String) The HTTP url used for the request to the APIC
