---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_network_devices_count_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_network_devices_count_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `endTime` (Number) EndTime query parameter. End time to which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `fabricRole` (String) FabricRole query parameter. The list of fabric device role. Examples fabricRole=BORDER, fabricRole=BORDER&fabricRole=EDGE (multiple fabric device roles with & separator) Available values BORDER, EDGE, MAP-SERVER, LEAF, SPINE, TRANSIT-CP, EXTENDED-NODE, WLC, UNIFIED-AP.
- `fabricSiteId` (String) FabricSiteId query parameter. The fabric site Id or list to fabric site Ids to filter the data This field supports wildcard asterisk (*) character search support. E.g. *uuid*, *uuid, uuid* Examples `?fabricSiteId=fabricSiteUuid) ?fabricSiteId=fabricSiteUuid1&fabricSiteId=fabricSiteUuid2 (multiple fabricSiteIds requested).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `family` (String) Family query parameter. The list of network device family names Examples family=Switches and Hubs (single network device family name )family=Switches and Hubs&family=Router&family=Wireless Controller (multiple Network device family names with & separator). This field is not case sensitive.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `healthScore` (String) HealthScore query parameter. The list of entity health score categories Examples healthScore=good,healthScore=good&healthScore=fair (multiple entity healthscore values with & separator). This field is not case sensitive.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `l2Vn` (String) L2Vn query parameter. The L2 Virtual Network Id or list to Virtual Network Ids to filter the data This field supports wildcard asterisk (*) character search support. E.g. *uuid*, *uuid, uuid* Examples `?l2Vn=virtualNetworkId ?l2Vn=virtualNetworkId1&l2Vn=virtualNetworkId2 (multiple virtualNetworkId's requested).
- `l3Vn` (String) L3Vn query parameter. The L3 Virtual Network Id or list to Virtual Network Ids to filter the data This field supports wildcard asterisk (*) character search support. E.g. *uuid*, *uuid, uuid* Examples `?l3Vn=virtualNetworkId ?l3Vn=virtualNetworkId1&l3Vn=virtualNetworkId2 (multiple virtualNetworkId's requested).
- `macAddress` (String) MacAddress query parameter. The macAddress of the network device or client This field supports wildcard (`*`) character-based search. Ex `*AB AB AB*` or `AB AB AB*` or `*AB AB AB` Examples `macAddress=AB AB AB CD CD CD` (single macAddress requested) `macAddress=AB AB AB CD CD DC&macAddress=AB AB AB CD CD FE` (multiple macAddress requested).
- `maintenanceMode` (Boolean) MaintenanceMode query parameter. The device maintenanceMode status true or false.
- `managementIpAddress` (String) ManagementIpAddress query parameter. The list of entity management IP Address. It can be either Ipv4 or Ipv6 address or combination of both(Ex. "121.1.1.10") This field supports wildcard (`*`) character-based search. Ex `*1.1*` or `1.1*` or `*1.1` Examples managementIpAddresses=121.1.1.10 managementIpAddresses=121.1.1.10&managementIpAddresses=172.20.1.10&managementIpAddresses=200 10&=managementIpAddresses172.20.3.4 (multiple entity IP Address with & separator).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `role` (String) Role query parameter. The list of network device role. Examples role=CORE, role=CORE&role=ACCESS&role=ROUTER (multiple Network device roles with & separator). This field is not case sensitive.
- `serialNumber` (String) SerialNumber query parameter. The list of network device serial numbers. This field supports wildcard (`*`) character-based search. Ex `*MS1SV*` or `MS1SV*` or `*MS1SV` Examples serialNumber=9FUFMS1SVAX serialNumber=9FUFMS1SVAX&FCW2333Q0BY&FJC240617JX(multiple Network device serial number with & separator).
- `siteHierarchy` (String) SiteHierarchy query parameter. The full hierarchical breakdown of the site tree starting from Global site name and ending with the specific site name. The Root site is named "Global" (Ex. `Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName`) This field supports wildcard asterisk (*) character search support. E.g. */San*, */San, /San* Examples `?siteHierarchy=Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName` (single siteHierarchy requested) `?siteHierarchy=Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName&siteHierarchy=Gl obal/AreaName2/BuildingName2/FloorName2` (multiple siteHierarchies requested).
- `siteHierarchyId` (String) SiteHierarchyId query parameter. The full hierarchy breakdown of the site tree in id form starting from Global site UUID and ending with the specific site UUID. (Ex. `globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid`) This field supports wildcard asterisk (*) character search support. E.g. `*uuid*, *uuid, uuid* Examples `?siteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid `(single siteHierarchyId requested) `?siteH ierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid&siteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid2/buildingUuid2 /floorUuid2` (multiple siteHierarchyIds requested).
- `siteId` (String) SiteId query parameter. The UUID of the site. (Ex. `flooruuid`) This field supports wildcard asterisk (*) character search support. E.g.*flooruuid*, *flooruuid, flooruuid* Examples `?siteId=id1` (single id requested) `?siteId=id1&siteId=id2&siteId=id3` (multiple ids requested).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `softwareVersion` (String) SoftwareVersion query parameter. The list of network device software version This field supports wildcard (`*`) character-based search. Ex `*17.8*` or `*17.8` or `17.8*` Examples softwareVersion=2.3.4.0 (single network device software version ) softwareVersion=17.9.3.23&softwareVersion=17.7.1.2&softwareVersion=*.17.7 (multiple Network device software versions with & separator).
- `startTime` (Number) StartTime query parameter. Start time from which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive. If `startTime` is not provided, API will default to current time.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `transitNetworkId` (String) TransitNetworkId query parameter. The Transit Network Id or list to Transit Network Ids to filter the data This field supports wildcard asterisk (*) character search support. E.g. *uuid*, *uuid, uuid* Examples `?transitNetworkId=transitNetworkId ?transitNetworkId=transitNetworkuuid1&transitNetworkId=transitNetworkuuid1 (multiple transitNetworkIds requested).
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Type query parameter. The list of network device type This field supports wildcard (`*`) character-based search. Ex `*9407R*` or `*9407R` or `9407R*`Examples type=SwitchesCisco Catalyst 9407R Switch (single network device types )type=Cisco Catalyst 38xx stack-able ethernet switch&type=Cisco 3945 Integrated Services Router G2 (multiple Network device types with & separator).

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
