---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_nxos_nxos_file_copy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_nxos_nxos_file_copy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connect_ssh_port` (Number) **Deprecated** This option has been deprecated and will be removed in a release after 2024-06-01. To maintain backwards compatibility, this option will continue to override the value of *ansible_port* until removed. HORIZONTALLINE SSH server port used for file transfer. Only used when *file_pull* is `True`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `file_pull` (Boolean) When (False) file is copied from the Ansible controller to the NXOS device. When (True) file is copied from a remote SCP server to the NXOS device. In this mode, the file copy is initiated from the NXOS device. If the file is already present on the device it will be overwritten and therefore the operation is NOT idempotent.
- `file_pull_compact` (Boolean) When file_pull is True, this is used to compact nxos image files. This option can only be used with nxos image files. When (file_pull is False), this is not used.
- `file_pull_kstack` (Boolean) When file_pull is True, this can be used to speed up file copies when the nxos running image supports the use-kstack option. When (file_pull is False), this is not used.
- `file_pull_protocol` (String) When file_pull is True, this can be used to define the transfer protocol for copying file from remote to the NXOS device. When (file_pull is False), this is not used.
- `file_pull_timeout` (Number) **Deprecated** This option has been deprecated and will be removed in a release after 2024-06-01. To maintain backwards compatibility, this option will continue to override the value of *ansible_command_timeout* until removed. HORIZONTALLINE Use this parameter to set timeout in seconds, when transferring large files or when the network is slow. When (file_pull is False), this is not used.
- `file_system` (String) The remote file system on the nxos device. If omitted, devices that support a *file_system* parameter will use their default values.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `local_file` (String) When (file_pull is False) this is the path to the local file on the Ansible controller. The local directory must exist. When (file_pull is True) this is the target file name on the NXOS device.
- `local_file_directory` (String) When (file_pull is True) file is copied from a remote SCP server to the NXOS device, and written to this directory on the NXOS device. If the directory does not exist, it will be created under the file_system. This is an optional parameter. When (file_pull is False), this is not used.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remote_file` (String) When (file_pull is False) this is the remote file path on the NXOS device. If omitted, the name of the local file will be used. The remote directory must exist. When (file_pull is True) this is the full path to the file on the remote SCP server to be copied to the NXOS device.
- `remote_scp_server` (String) The remote scp server address when file_pull is True. This is required if file_pull is True. When (file_pull is False), this is not used.
- `remote_scp_server_password` (String) The remote scp server password when file_pull is True. This is required if file_pull is True. When (file_pull is False), this is not used.
- `remote_scp_server_user` (String) The remote scp server username when file_pull is True. This is required if file_pull is True. When (file_pull is False), this is not used.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vrf` (String) The VRF used to pull the file. Useful when no vrf management is defined. This option is not applicable for MDS switches.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `transfer_status` (String) Whether a file was transferred to the nxos device.
