---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_mso_ndo_tenant_custom_qos_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_mso_ndo_tenant_custom_qos_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `template` (String) The name of the tenant template.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cos_mappings` (String) The Class of Service (CoS) mappings of the Custom QoS Policy. Both `cos_mappings.dot1p_from` and `cos_mappings.dot1p_to` cannot be set to `unspecified`. Providing a new list of `cos_mappings` will completely replace an existing one from the Custom QoS Policy. Providing an empty list will remove the `cos_mappings=[]` from the Custom QoS Policy.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the Custom QoS Policy. Providing an empty string will remove the `description=""` from the Custom QoS Policy.
- `dscp_mappings` (String) The Differentiated Services Code Point (DSCP) mappings of the Custom QoS Policy. Both `dscp_mappings.dscp_from` and `dscp_mappings.dscp_to` cannot be set to `unspecified`. Providing a new list of `dscp_mappings` will completely replace an existing one from the Custom QoS Policy. Providing an empty list will remove the  `cos_mappings=[]` from the Custom QoS Policy.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The name of the Custom QoS Policy.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `absent` for removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects. Use `present` for creating or updating.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the Custom QoS Policy. This parameter is required when the Custom QoS Policy `name` needs to be updated.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
