---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_aci_aci_access_switch_policy_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_aci_aci_access_switch_policy_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `switch_type` (String) Whether this is a leaf or spine policy group

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bfd_ipv4_policy` (String) The BFD IPv4 policy bound to the access switch policy group. The APIC defaults to `""` which results in the target DN set to the default policy when unset during creation.
- `bfd_ipv6_policy` (String) The BFD IPv6 policy bound to the access switch policy group. The APIC defaults to `""` which results in the target DN set to the default policy when unset during creation.
- `bfd_multihop_ipv4_policy` (String) The BFD multihop IPv4 policy bound to the access switch policy group. Only available in APIC version 5.x or later. Only available when *switch_type=leaf*. The APIC defaults to `""` which results in the target DN set to the default policy when unset during creation.
- `bfd_multihop_ipv6_policy` (String) The BFD multihop IPv6 policy bound to the access switch policy group. Only available in APIC version 5.x or later. Only available when *switch_type=leaf*. The APIC defaults to `""` which results in the target DN set to the default policy when unset during creation.
- `cdp_policy` (String) The CDP policy bound to the access switch policy group. The APIC defaults to `""` which results in the target DN set to the default policy when unset during creation.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `copp_policy` (String) The CoPP policy bound to the access switch policy group. The APIC defaults to `""` which results in the target DN set to the default policy when unset during creation.
- `copp_pre_filter_policy` (String) The CoPP pre-filter policy bound to the access switch policy group. The APIC defaults to `""` which results in the target DN set to the default policy when unset during creation.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the access switch policy group.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `equipment_flash_policy` (String) The equipment flash policy bound to the access switch policy group. Only available when *switch_type=leaf*. The APIC defaults to `""` which results in the target DN set to the default policy when unset during creation.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fast_link_failover_policy` (String) The fast link failover policy bound to the access switch policy group. Only available when *switch_type=leaf*. The APIC defaults to `""` which results in the target DN set to the default policy when unset during creation.
- `fibre_channel_node_policy` (String) The fibre channel node policy bound to the access switch policy group. Only available when *switch_type=leaf*. The APIC defaults to `""` which results in the target DN set to the default policy when unset during creation.
- `fibre_channel_san_policy` (String) The fibre channel SAN policy bound to the access switch policy group. Only available when *switch_type=leaf*. The APIC defaults to `""` which results in the target DN set to the default policy when unset during creation.
- `forward_scale_profile_policy` (String) The forward scale profile policy bound to the access switch policy group. Only available when *switch_type=leaf*. The APIC defaults to `""` which results in the target DN set to the default policy when unset during creation.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lldp_policy` (String) The LLDP policy bound to the access switch policy group. The APIC defaults to `""` which results in the target DN set to the default policy when unset during creation.
- `monitoring_policy` (String) The monitoring policy bound to the access switch policy group. Only available when *switch_type=leaf*. The APIC defaults to `""` which results in the target DN set to the default policy when unset during creation.
- `name` (String) The name of the access switch policy group.
- `netflow_node_policy` (String) The netflow node policy bound to the access switch policy group. Only available when *switch_type=leaf*. The APIC defaults to `""` which results in the target DN set to the default policy when unset during creation.
- `node_802_1x_authentication_policy` (String) The 802.1x node authentication policy bound to the access switch policy group. Only available when *switch_type=leaf*. The APIC defaults to `""` which results in the target DN set to the default policy when unset during creation.
- `poe_node_policy` (String) The PoE node policy bound to the access switch policy group. Only available when *switch_type=leaf*. The APIC defaults to `""` which results in the target DN set to the default policy when unset during creation.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `ptp_node_policy` (String) The PTP node policy bound to the access switch policy group. Only available in APIC version 5.2 or later. Only available when *switch_type=leaf*. The APIC defaults to `""` which results in the target DN set to the default policy when unset during creation.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `spanning_tree_policy` (String) The spanning tree policy bound to the access switch policy group. Only available in APIC version 5.2 or later. Only available when *switch_type=leaf*. The APIC defaults to `""` which results in the target DN set to the default policy when unset during creation.
- `state` (String) Use `present` or `absent` for adding or removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects.
- `sync_e_node_policy` (String) The SyncE node policy bound to the access switch policy group. Only available in APIC version 5.x or later. Only available when *switch_type=leaf*. The APIC defaults to `""` which results in the target DN set to the default policy when unset during creation.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `usb_configuration_policy` (String) The USB configuration policy bound to the access switch policy group. Only available in APIC version 5.2 or later. The APIC defaults to `""` which results in the target DN set to the default policy when unset during creation.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `current` (String) The existing configuration from the APIC after the module has finished
- `error` (String) The error information as returned from the APIC
- `filter_string` (String) The filter string used for the request
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `method` (String) The HTTP method used for the request to the APIC
- `previous` (String) The original configuration from the APIC before the module has started
- `proposed` (String) The assembled configuration from the user-provided parameters
- `raw` (String) The raw output returned by the APIC REST API (xml or json)
- `response` (String) The HTTP response from the APIC
- `sent` (String) The actual/minimal configuration pushed to the APIC
- `status` (Number) The HTTP status from the APIC
- `url` (String) The HTTP url used for the request to the APIC
