---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_energy_sites_count_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_energy_sites_count_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deviceCategory` (String) DeviceCategory query parameter. The list of device categories. Note that this filter specifies which devices will be included when calculating energy consumption values, rather than specifying the list of returned sites. Examples `deviceCategory=Switch` (single device category requested) `deviceCategory=Switch&deviceCategory=Router` (multiple device categories with comma separator).
- `endTime` (Number) EndTime query parameter. End time to which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive. If `endTime` is not provided, API will default to one day after `startTime`. If `startTime` is not provided either, API will default to current time.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `siteHierarchy` (String) SiteHierarchy query parameter. The full hierarchical breakdown of the site tree starting from Global site name and ending with the specific site name. The Root site is named "Global" (Ex. `Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName`) This field supports wildcard asterisk (`*`) character search support. E.g. `*/San*, */San, /San*` Examples `?siteHierarchy=Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName` (single siteHierarchy requested) `?siteHierarchy=Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName&siteHierarchy=Gl obal/AreaName2/BuildingName2/FloorName2` (multiple siteHierarchies requested).
- `siteHierarchyId` (String) SiteHierarchyId query parameter. The full hierarchy breakdown of the site tree in id form starting from Global site UUID and ending with the specific site UUID. (Ex. `globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid`) This field supports wildcard asterisk (`*`) character search support. E.g. `*uuid*, *uuid, uuid*` Examples `?siteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid `(single siteHierarchyId requested) `?siteH ierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid&siteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid2/buildingUuid2 /floorUuid2` (multiple siteHierarchyIds requested).
- `siteId` (String) SiteId query parameter. The UUID of the site. (Ex. `flooruuid`) Examples `?siteId=id1` (single id requested) `?siteId=id1&siteId=id2&siteId=id3` (multiple ids requested).
- `siteName` (String) SiteName query parameter. The name of the site. (Ex. `FloorName`) This field supports wildcard asterisk (`*`) character search support. E.g. `*San*, *San, San*` Examples `?siteName=building1` (single siteName requested) `?siteName=building1&siteName=building2&siteName=building3` (multiple siteNames requested).
- `siteType` (String) SiteType query parameter. The type of the site. A site can be an area, building, or floor. Default when not provided will be `floor,building,area` Examples `?siteType=area` (single siteType requested) `?siteType=area&siteType=building&siteType=floor` (multiple siteTypes requested).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startTime` (Number) StartTime query parameter. Start time from which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive. If `startTime` is not provided, API will default to one day before `endTime`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `taskId` (String) TaskId query parameter. Used to retrieve asynchronously processed & stored data. When this parameter is used, the rest of the request params will be ignored.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
