---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_aci_aci_rest Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_aci_aci_rest (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) URI being used to execute API calls. Must end in `.xml` or `.json`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content` (String) When used instead of `src`, sets the payload of the API request directly. This may be convenient to template simple requests. For anything complex use the `template` lookup plugin (see examples) or the `template` module with parameter `src`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `method` (String) The HTTP method of the request. Using `delete` is typically used for deleting objects. Using `get` is typically used for querying objects. Using `post` is typically used for modifying objects.
- `normalize_payload_values` (Boolean) If this parameter is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable ACI_NORMALIZE_PAYLOAD_VALUES will be used instead. This parameter enforces the conversion of integer and float values to strings in Ansible Core v2.19.0 and later, as well as Jinja2 v3.1.6 and later. To disable this conversion, set `normalize_payload_values=false` or unset the ACI_NORMALIZE_PAYLOAD_VALUES environment variable.
- `page` (Number) The page number to return.
- `page_size` (Number) The number of items to return in a single page.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rsp_subtree_preserve` (Boolean) Preserve the response for the provided path.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `src` (String) Name of the absolute path of the filename that includes the body of the HTTP request being sent to the ACI fabric. If you require a templated payload, use the `content` parameter together with the `template` lookup plugin, or use `template`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_code` (Number) The REST ACI return code, useful for troubleshooting on failure
- `error_text` (String) The REST ACI descriptive text, useful for troubleshooting on failure
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `imdata` (String) Converted output returned by the APIC REST (register this for post-processing)
- `payload` (String) The (templated) payload send to the APIC REST API (xml or json)
- `raw` (String) The raw output returned by the APIC REST API (xml or json)
- `response` (String) HTTP response string
- `status` (Number) HTTP status code
- `totalCount` (String) Number of items in the imdata array
- `url` (String) URL used for APIC REST call
