---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_meraki_mr_ssid Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_meraki_mr_ssid (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `ap_availability_tags` (String) Set whether SSID will be broadcast by APs with tags matching any of the tags in this list. Requires `available_on_all_aps` to be `false`.
- `ap_tags_vlan_ids` (String) List of VLAN tags. Requires `ip_assignment_mode` to be `Bridge mode` or `Layer 3 roaming`. Requires `use_vlan_tagging` to be `True`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_mode` (String) Set authentication mode of network.
- `available_on_all_aps` (Boolean) Set whether all APs should broadcast the SSID or if it should be restricted to APs matching any availability tags. Requires `ap_availability_tags` to be defined when set to `False`.
- `band_selection` (String) Set band selection mode.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `concentrator_network_id` (String) The concentrator to use for 'Layer 3 roaming with a concentrator' or 'VPN'.
- `default_vlan_id` (Number) Default VLAN ID. Requires `ip_assignment_mode` to be `Bridge mode` or `Layer 3 roaming`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable SSID network.
- `encryption_mode` (String) Set encryption mode of network.
- `enterprise_admin_access` (String) Whether SSID is accessible by enterprise administrators.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_assignment_mode` (String) Method of which SSID uses to assign IP addresses.
- `lan_isolation_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable Layer 2 Lan isolation. Requires `ip_assignment_mode` to be `Bridge mode`.
- `min_bitrate` (Number) Minimum bitrate (Mbps) allowed on SSID.
- `name` (String) Name of SSID.
- `net_id` (String) ID of network.
- `net_name` (String) Name of network.
- `number` (Number) SSID number within network.
- `per_client_bandwidth_limit_down` (Number) Maximum bandwidth in Mbps devices on SSID can download.
- `per_client_bandwidth_limit_up` (Number) Maximum bandwidth in Mbps devices on SSID can upload.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `psk` (String) Password for wireless network. Requires auth_mode to be set to psk.
- `radius_accounting_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable RADIUS accounting.
- `radius_accounting_servers` (String) List of RADIUS servers for RADIUS accounting.
- `radius_coa_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable RADIUS CoA (Change of Authorization) on SSID.
- `radius_failover_policy` (String) Set client access policy in case RADIUS servers aren't available.
- `radius_load_balancing_policy` (String) Set load balancing policy when multiple RADIUS servers are specified.
- `radius_proxy_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable RADIUS Proxy on SSID.
- `radius_servers` (String) List of RADIUS servers.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `splash_guest_sponsor_domains` (String) List of valid sponsor email domains for sponsored guest portal.
- `splash_page` (String) Set to enable splash page and specify type of splash.
- `state` (String) Specifies whether SNMP information should be queried or modified.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_vlan_tagging` (Boolean) Set whether to use VLAN tagging. Requires `default_vlan_id` to be set.
- `visible` (Boolean) Enable or disable whether APs should broadcast this SSID.
- `vlan_id` (Number) ID number of VLAN on SSID. Requires `ip_assignment_mode` to be `ayer 3 roaming with a concentrator` or `VPN`.
- `walled_garden_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable walled garden functionality.
- `walled_garden_ranges` (String) List of walled garden ranges.
- `wpa_encryption_mode` (String) Encryption mode within WPA specification.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) List of wireless SSIDs.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
