---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_devices Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_devices (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `address` (String) The address of a device.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `floorPlanId` (String) The floor plan to associate to this device. Null disassociates the device from the floorplan.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lat` (Number) The latitude of a device.
- `lng` (Number) The longitude of a device.
- `moveMapMarker` (Boolean) Whether or not to set the latitude and longitude of a device based on the new address. Only applies when lat and lng are not specified.
- `name` (String) The name of a device.
- `notes` (String) The notes for the device. String. Limited to 255 characters.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `serial` (String) Serial path parameter.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `switchProfileId` (String) The ID of a switch template to bind to the device (for available switch templates, see the 'Switch Templates' endpoint). Use null to unbind the switch device from the current profile. For a device to be bindable to a switch template, it must (1) be a switch, and (2) belong to a network that is bound to a configuration template.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
