---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_snmpv3_credential Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_snmpv3_credential (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authPassword` (String) Auth password for SNMPv3. Required if snmpMode is 'AUTHPRIV' or 'AUTHNOPRIV'. Use 'NO!$DATA!$' if no change required.
- `authType` (String) SNMPv3 auth protocol. 'SHA' or 'MD5'. Required if snmpMode is 'AUTHPRIV' or 'AUTHNOPRIV'.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comments` (String) Comments to identify the SNMPv3 credential.
- `credentialType` (String) Credential type to identify the application that uses the SNMPv3 credential.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description for SNMPv3 Credential.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `instanceTenantId` (String) Deprecated. This attribute will be removed in a future release, should not be used, and any value supplied will be ignored.
- `instanceUuid` (String) Deprecated. This attribute will be removed in a future release, should not be used, and any value supplied will be ignored.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `privacyPassword` (String) Privacy password for SNMPv3 privacy. Required if snmpMode is 'AUTHPRIV'. Use 'NO!$DATA!$' if no change required.
- `privacyType` (String) SNMPv3 privacy protocol. Required is snmpMode is 'AUTHPRIV'.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snmpMode` (String) Mode of SNMPv3. 'AUTHPRIV' or 'AUTHNOPRIV' or 'NOAUTHNOPRIV'.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) SNMPv3 username.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
