---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_device_configs_backup_workflow_manager Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_device_configs_backup_workflow_manager (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (String) List of details of the devices for which configuration backups need to be taken. At least one parameter from the suboptions must be provided in the config. When providing multiple parameters at once (excluding "site_list"), all the filters will be applied together in an AND operation. This means that only the devices matching all the specified criteria will be included in the configuration backup operation. For example, if both `hostname` and `device_type` are provided, only devices matching both the specified hostname and device type will be selected. Note - Once all devices matching the parameters are retrieved, any device that is not reachable or is an Access Point (AP) will be skipped.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config_verify` (Boolean) Set to True to verify the Cisco Catalyst Center config after applying the playbook config.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of Cisco Catalyst Center after module completion.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `response_1` (String) A dictionary with  with the response returned by the Cisco Catalyst Center Python SDK
- `response_2` (String) A string with the response returned by the Cisco Catalyst Center Python SDK
