---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_aci_aci_fabric_wide_settings Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_aci_aci_fabric_wide_settings (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disable_remote_ep_learning` (Boolean) Whether to disable remote endpoint learning in VRFs containing external bridged/routed domains. The APIC defaults to `false` when unset during creation.
- `enforce_domain_validation` (Boolean) Whether to perform a validation check if a static path is added but no domain is associated to an EPG. Asking for domain validation is a one time operation. Once enabled, it cannot be disabled. The APIC defaults to `false` when unset during creation.
- `enforce_epg_vlan_validation` (Boolean) Whether to perform a validation check that prevents overlapping VLAN pools from being associated to an EPG. The APIC defaults to `false` when unset during creation.
- `enforce_subnet_check` (Boolean) Whether to disable IP address learning on the outside of subnets configured in a VRF, for all VRFs. The APIC defaults to `false` when unset during creation.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `leaf_opflex_client_auth` (Boolean) Whether to enforce Opflex client certificate authentication on leaf switches for GOLF and Linux. The APIC defaults to `true` when unset during creation.
- `leaf_ssl_opflex` (Boolean) Whether to enable SSL Opflex transport for leaf switches. The APIC defaults to `true` when unset during creation.
- `opflex_ssl_versions` (String) Which versions of TLS to enable for Opflex. When setting any of the TLS versions, you must explicitly set the state for all of them.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reallocate_gipo` (Boolean) Whether to reallocate some non-stretched BD gipos to make room for stretched BDs. Asking for gipo reallocation is a one time operation. Once enabled, it cannot be disabled. The APIC defaults to `false` when unset during creation.
- `restrict_infra_vlan_traffic` (Boolean) Whether to restrict infra VLAN traffic to only specified network paths. These enabled network paths are defined by infra security entry policies. The APIC defaults to `false` when unset during creation.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `spine_opflex_client_auth` (Boolean) Whether to enforce Opflex client certificate authentication on spine switches for GOLF and Linux. The APIC defaults to `true` when unset during creation.
- `spine_ssl_opflex` (Boolean) Whether to enable SSL Opflex transport for spine switches. The APIC defaults to `true` when unset during creation.
- `state` (String) Use `present` for updating configuration. Use `query` for showing current configuration.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `current` (String) The existing configuration from the APIC after the module has finished
- `error` (String) The error information as returned from the APIC
- `filter_string` (String) The filter string used for the request
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `method` (String) The HTTP method used for the request to the APIC
- `previous` (String) The original configuration from the APIC before the module has started
- `proposed` (String) The assembled configuration from the user-provided parameters
- `raw` (String) The raw output returned by the APIC REST API (xml or json)
- `response` (String) The HTTP response from the APIC
- `sent` (String) The actual/minimal configuration pushed to the APIC
- `status` (Number) The HTTP status from the APIC
- `url` (String) The HTTP url used for the request to the APIC
