---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_appliance_vpn_bgp Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_appliance_vpn_bgp (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `asNumber` (Number) An Autonomous System Number (ASN) is required if you are to run BGP and peer with another BGP Speaker outside of the Auto VPN domain. This ASN will be applied to the entire Auto VPN domain. The entire 4-byte ASN range is supported. So, the ASN must be an integer between 1 and 4294967295. When absent, this field is not updated. If no value exists then it defaults to 64512.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Boolean value to enable or disable the BGP configuration. When BGP is enabled, the asNumber (ASN) will be autopopulated with the preconfigured ASN at other Hubs or a default value if there is no ASN configured.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ibgpHoldTimer` (Number) The iBGP holdtimer in seconds. The iBGP holdtimer must be an integer between 12 and 240. When absent, this field is not updated. If no value exists then it defaults to 240.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `neighbors` (String) List of BGP neighbors. This list replaces the existing set of neighbors. When absent, this field is not updated.
- `networkId` (String) NetworkId path parameter. Network ID.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
