---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_meraki_mr_rf_profile Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_meraki_mr_rf_profile (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `ap_band_settings` (String) Settings that will be enabled if selectionType is set to 'ap'.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `band_selection_type` (String) Sets whether band selection is assigned per access point or SSID. This param is required on creation.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client_balancing_enabled` (Boolean) Steers client to best available access point.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `five_ghz_settings` (String) Settings related to 5Ghz band.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `min_bitrate_type` (String) Type of minimum bitrate.
- `name` (String) The unique name of the new profile. This param is required on creation.
- `net_id` (String) ID of network.
- `net_name` (String) Name of network.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `profile_id` (String) Unique identifier of existing RF profile.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Query, edit, or delete wireless RF profile settings.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `two_four_ghz_settings` (String) Settings related to 2.4Ghz band

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) List of wireless RF profile settings.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
