---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_devices_camera_quality_and_retention Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_devices_camera_quality_and_retention (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `audioRecordingEnabled` (Boolean) Boolean indicating if audio recording is enabled(true) or disabled(false) on the camera.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `motionBasedRetentionEnabled` (Boolean) Boolean indicating if motion-based retention is enabled(true) or disabled(false) on the camera.
- `motionDetectorVersion` (Number) The version of the motion detector that will be used by the camera. Only applies to Gen 2 cameras. Defaults to v2.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `profileId` (String) The ID of a quality and retention profile to assign to the camera. The profile's settings will override all of the per-camera quality and retention settings. If the value of this parameter is null, any existing profile will be unassigned from the camera.
- `quality` (String) Quality of the camera. Can be one of 'Standard', 'High', 'Enhanced' or 'Ultra'. Not all qualities are supported by every camera model.
- `resolution` (String) Resolution of the camera. Can be one of '1280x720', '1920x1080', '1080x1080', '2112x2112', '2880x2880', '2688x1512' or '3840x2160'.Not all resolutions are supported by every camera model.
- `restrictedBandwidthModeEnabled` (Boolean) Boolean indicating if restricted bandwidth is enabled(true) or disabled(false) on the camera. This setting does not apply to MV2 cameras.
- `serial` (String) Serial path parameter.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
