---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_nxos_nxos_install_os Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_nxos_nxos_install_os (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `system_image_file` (String) Name of the system (or combined) image file on flash.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `issu` (String) Upgrade using In Service Software Upgrade (ISSU). (Supported on N5k, N7k, N9k platforms) Selecting 'required' or 'yes' means that upgrades will only proceed if the switch is capable of ISSU. Selecting 'desired' means that upgrades will use ISSU if possible but will fall back to disruptive upgrade if needed. Selecting 'no' means do not use ISSU. Forced disruptive.
- `kickstart_image_file` (String) Name of the kickstart image file on flash. (Not required on all Nexus platforms)
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `install_state` (String) Boot and install information.
