---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_meraki_mx_content_filtering Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_meraki_mx_content_filtering (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `allowed_urls` (String) List of URL patterns which should be allowed.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_key` (String) Authentication key provided by the dashboard. Required if environmental variable MERAKI_KEY is not set.
- `blocked_categories` (String) List of content categories which should be blocked. Use the `meraki_content_filtering_facts` module for a full list of categories.
- `blocked_urls` (String) List of URL patterns which should be blocked.
- `category_list_size` (String) Determines whether a network filters fo rall URLs in a category or only the list of top blocked sites.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `net_id` (String) ID number of a network.
- `net_name` (String) Name of a network.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) States that a policy should be created or modified.
- `subset` (String) Display only certain facts.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) Information about the created or manipulated object.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
