---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_appliance_vlans Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_appliance_vlans (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `applianceIp` (String) The local IP of the appliance on the VLAN.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cidr` (String) CIDR of the pool of subnets. Applicable only for template network. Each network bound to the template will automatically pick a subnet from this pool to build its own VLAN.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dhcpBootFilename` (String) DHCP boot option for boot filename.
- `dhcpBootNextServer` (String) DHCP boot option to direct boot clients to the server to load the boot file from.
- `dhcpBootOptionsEnabled` (Boolean) Use DHCP boot options specified in other properties.
- `dhcpHandling` (String) The appliance's handling of DHCP requests on this VLAN. One of 'Run a DHCP server', 'Relay DHCP to another server' or 'Do not respond to DHCP requests'.
- `dhcpLeaseTime` (String) The term of DHCP leases if the appliance is running a DHCP server on this VLAN. One of '30 minutes', '1 hour', '4 hours', '12 hours', '1 day' or '1 week'.
- `dhcpOptions` (String) The list of DHCP options that will be included in DHCP responses. Each object in the list should have "code", "type", and "value" properties.
- `dhcpRelayServerIps` (String) The IPs (IPv4) of the DHCP servers that DHCP requests should be relayed to. CIDR/subnet notation and hostnames are not supported.
- `dnsNameservers` (String) The DNS nameservers used for DHCP responses, either "upstream_dns", "google_dns", "opendns", or a newline seperated string of IP addresses or domain names.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fixedIpAssignments` (String) The DHCP fixed IP assignments on the VLAN. This should be an object that contains mappings from MAC addresses to objects that themselves each contain "ip" and "name" string fields. See the sample request/response for more details.
- `groupPolicyId` (String) The id of the desired group policy to apply to the VLAN.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipv6` (String) IPv6 configuration on the VLAN.
- `mandatoryDhcp` (String) Mandatory DHCP will enforce that clients connecting to this VLAN must use the IP address assigned by the DHCP server. Clients who use a static IP address won't be able to associate. Only available on firmware versions 17.0 and above.
- `mask` (Number) Mask used for the subnet of all bound to the template networks. Applicable only for template network.
- `name` (String) The name of the new VLAN.
- `networkId` (String) NetworkId path parameter. Network ID.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reservedIpRanges` (String) The DHCP reserved IP ranges on the VLAN.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `subnet` (String) The subnet of the VLAN.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `templateVlanType` (String) Type of subnetting of the VLAN. Applicable only for template network.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vlanId` (String) VlanId path parameter. Vlan ID.
- `vpnNatSubnet` (String) The translated VPN subnet if VPN and VPN subnet translation are enabled on the VLAN.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
