---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_wireless_signal_quality_history_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_wireless_signal_quality_history_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `apTag` (String) Information module for Networks Wireless Signalqualityhistory Info. ApTag query parameter. Filter results by AP tag; either clientId or deviceSerial must be jointly specified.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `autoResolution` (Boolean) Information module for Networks Wireless Signalqualityhistory Info. AutoResolution query parameter. Automatically select a data resolution based on the given timespan; this overrides the value specified by the 'resolution' parameter. The default setting is false.
- `band` (String) Information module for Networks Wireless Signalqualityhistory Info. Band query parameter. Filter results by band (either '2.4', '5' or '6').
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clientId` (String) Information module for Networks Wireless Signalqualityhistory Info. ClientId query parameter. Filter results by network client.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deviceSerial` (String) Information module for Networks Wireless Signalqualityhistory Info. DeviceSerial query parameter. Filter results by device.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `networkId` (String) Information module for Networks Wireless Signalqualityhistory Info. NetworkId path parameter. Network ID.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resolution` (Number) Information module for Networks Wireless Signalqualityhistory Info. Resolution query parameter. The time resolution in seconds for returned data. The valid resolutions are 300, 600, 1200, 3600, 14400, 86400. The default is 86400.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssid` (Number) Information module for Networks Wireless Signalqualityhistory Info. Ssid query parameter. Filter results by SSID number.
- `t0` (String) Information module for Networks Wireless Signalqualityhistory Info. T0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 31 days from today.
- `t1` (String) Information module for Networks Wireless Signalqualityhistory Info. T1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. T1 can be a maximum of 31 days after t0.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timespan` (Number) Information module for Networks Wireless Signalqualityhistory Info. Timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 31 days. The default is 7 days.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
