---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_templates_template_id_network_profiles_for_sites_bulk_delete Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_templates_template_id_network_profiles_for_sites_bulk_delete (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `profileId` (String) ProfileId query parameter. The id or ids of the network profile, retrievable from /dna/intent/api/v1/networkProfilesForSites. The maximum number of profile Ids allowed is 20. A list of profile ids can be passed as a queryParameter in two ways a comma-separated string ( profileId=388a23e9-4739-4be7-a0aa-cc5a95d158dd,2726dc60-3a12-451e-947a-d9... or... As separate query parameters with the same name ( profileId=388a23e9-4739-4be7-a0aa-cc5a95d158dd&profil...
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `templateId` (String) TemplateId path parameter. The `id` of the template, retrievable from `GET /intent/api/v1/templates`.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
