---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_ucs_ucs_mac_pool Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_ucs_ucs_mac_pool (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the MAC pool. This name can be between 1 and 32 alphanumeric characters. You cannot use spaces or any special characters other than - (hyphen), "_" (underscore), : (colon), and . (period). You cannot change this name after the MAC pool is created.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A description of the MAC pool. Enter up to 256 characters. You can use any characters or spaces except the following: ` (accent mark),  (backslash), ^ (carat), " (double quote), = (equal sign), > (greater than), < (less than), or ' (single quote).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `first_addr` (String) The first MAC address in the block of addresses. This is the From field in the UCS Manager MAC Blocks menu.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `last_addr` (String) The last MAC address in the block of addresses. This is the To field in the UCS Manager Add MAC Blocks menu.
- `order` (String) The Assignment Order field. This can be one of the following: default - Cisco UCS Manager selects a random identity from the pool. sequential - Cisco UCS Manager selects the lowest available identity from the pool.
- `org_dn` (String) The distinguished name (dn) of the organization where the resource is assigned.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If `present`, will verify MAC pool is present and will create if needed. If `absent`, will verify MAC pool is absent and will delete if needed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
