---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_energy_network_devices_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_energy_network_devices_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attribute` (String) Attribute query parameter. List of attributes. Please refer to `NetworkDeviceEnergyAttribute` for supported list of attributes Examples `attribute=id&attribute=energyConsumed`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cursor` (String) Cursor query parameter. It's an opaque string field that indicates the next record in the requested collection. If no records remain, the API returns a response with a count of zero. The default value is an empty string, and the initial value must be an empty string. The cursor value is populated by the API in the response page block. If the user wants more records, the cursor in the subsequent request must be updated with the value from the previous response.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deviceCategory` (String) DeviceCategory query parameter. The list of device deviceCategories. Examples `deviceCategory=Switch` (single device family requested) `deviceCategory=Switch&deviceCategory=Router` (multiple device categories with comma separator).
- `deviceSubCategory` (String) DeviceSubCategory query parameter. The list of device sub categories. Examples `deviceSubCategory=Cisco Catalyst 9300 Series Switches` (single device family requested) `deviceSubCategory=Cisco Catalyst 9300 Series Switches&deviceSubCategory=Cisco Catalyst 9400 Series Switches`.
- `endTime` (Number) EndTime query parameter. End time to which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive. If `endTime` is not provided, API will default to one day after `startTime`. If `startTime` is not provided either, API will default to current time.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `limit` (Number) Limit query parameter. Maximum number of records to return.
- `order` (String) Order query parameter. The sort order of the field ascending or descending.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `siteHierarchy` (String) SiteHierarchy query parameter. The full hierarchical breakdown of the site tree starting from Global site name and ending with the specific site name. The Root site is named "Global" (Ex. `Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName`) This field supports wildcard asterisk (`*`) character search support. E.g. `*/San*, */San, /San*` Examples `?siteHierarchy=Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName` (single siteHierarchy requested) `?siteHierarchy=Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName&siteHierarchy=Gl obal/AreaName2/BuildingName2/FloorName2` (multiple siteHierarchies requested).
- `siteHierarchyId` (String) SiteHierarchyId query parameter. The full hierarchy breakdown of the site tree in id form starting from Global site UUID and ending with the specific site UUID. (Ex. `globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid`) This field supports wildcard asterisk (`*`) character search support. E.g. `*uuid*, *uuid, uuid*` Examples `?siteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid `(single siteHierarchyId requested) `?siteH ierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid&siteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid2/buildingUuid2 /floorUuid2` (multiple siteHierarchyIds requested).
- `siteId` (String) SiteId query parameter. The UUID of the site. (Ex. `flooruuid`) Examples `?siteId=id1` (single id requested) `?siteId=id1&siteId=id2&siteId=id3` (multiple ids requested).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sortBy` (String) SortBy query parameter. A field within the response to sort by.
- `startTime` (Number) StartTime query parameter. Start time from which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive. If `startTime` is not provided, API will default to one day before `endTime`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `view` (String) View query parameter. List of views. View and attribute work in union. Each view will include its attributes. For example, view device includes all the attributes related to device. Please refer to `NetworkDeviceEnergyView` model for supported list of views Examples `view=device&view=energy`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
