---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_devices_uplinks_addresses_by_device_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_devices_uplinks_addresses_by_device_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `endingBefore` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Uplinks Addresses Bydevice Info. EndingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `networkIds` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Uplinks Addresses Bydevice Info. NetworkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter device uplinks by network ID. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `organizationId` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Uplinks Addresses Bydevice Info. OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `perPage` (Number) Information module for Organizations Devices Uplinks Addresses Bydevice Info. PerPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 - 1000. Default is 1000.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `productTypes` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Uplinks Addresses Bydevice Info. ProductTypes query parameter. Optional parameter to filter device uplinks by device product types. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `serials` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Uplinks Addresses Bydevice Info. Serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter device availabilities by device serial numbers. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startingAfter` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Uplinks Addresses Bydevice Info. StartingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tagsFilterType` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Uplinks Addresses Bydevice Info. TagsFilterType query parameter. An optional parameter of value 'withAnyTags' or 'withAllTags' to indicate whether to return devices which contain ANY or ALL of the included tags. If no type is included, 'withAnyTags' will be selected.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
