---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_networks Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_networks (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `copyFromNetworkId` (String) The ID of the network to copy configuration from. Other provided parameters will override the copied configuration, except type which must match this network's type exactly.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enrollmentString` (String) A unique identifier which can be used for device enrollment or easy access through the Meraki SM Registration page or the Self Service Portal. Please note that changing this field may cause existing bookmarks to break.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The name of the network.
- `networkId` (String) NetworkId path parameter. Network ID.
- `notes` (String) Add any notes or additional information about this network here.
- `organizationId` (String) OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `productTypes` (String) The product type(s) of the new network. If more than one type is included, the network will be a combined network.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeZone` (String) The timezone of the network. For a list of allowed timezones, please see the 'TZ' column in the table in <a target='_blank' href='https //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_databas... article.</a>.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
