---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_meraki_auth_users Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_meraki_auth_users (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `accountType` (String) Authorization type for user. Can be 'Guest' or '802.1X' for wireless networks, or 'Client VPN' for MX networks. Defaults to '802.1X'.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authorizations` (String) Authorization zones and expiration dates for the user.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete` (Boolean) Delete query parameter. If the ID supplied is for a splash guest or client VPN user, and that user is not authorized for any other networks in the organization, then also delete the user. 802.1X RADIUS users are always deleted regardless of this optional attribute.
- `email` (String) Email address of the user.
- `emailPasswordToUser` (Boolean) Whether or not Meraki should email the password to user. Default is false.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `isAdmin` (Boolean) Whether or not the user is a Dashboard administrator.
- `merakiAuthUserId` (String) MerakiAuthUserId path parameter. Meraki auth user ID.
- `name` (String) Name of the user. Only required If the user is not a Dashboard administrator.
- `networkId` (String) NetworkId path parameter. Network ID.
- `password` (String) The password for this user account. Only required If the user is not a Dashboard administrator.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
