---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_mso_ndo_tenant_igmp_interface_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_mso_ndo_tenant_igmp_interface_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `template` (String) The name of the tenant template. This parameter or `template_id` is required.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the IGMP Interface Policy. Providing an empty string will remove the `description=""` from the IGMP Interface Policy.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fast_leave` (String) Enable or disable fast leave. Defaults to `disabled` when unset during creation.
- `group_timeout` (Number) The group timeout value in seconds. Defaults to 260 when unset during creation. The valid range is from 3 to 65535.
- `igmp_version` (String) The IGMP version of the IGMP Interface Policy. Defaults to `v2` when unset during creation.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `last_member_count` (Number) The last member query count value. Defaults to 2 when unset during creation. The valid range is from 1 to 5.
- `last_member_response_time` (Number) The last member query response time value in seconds. Defaults to 1 when unset during creation. The valid range is from 1 to 25.
- `maximum_multicast_entries` (Number) The maximum multicast entries value. Defaults to 4294967295 when unset during creation. The valid range is from 1 to 4294967295. This parameter is only applicable when the `state_limit_route_map_uuid` or `state_limit_route_map` is not empty.
- `name` (String) The name of the IGMP Interface Policy.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `querier_timeout` (Number) The querier timeout value in seconds. Defaults to 255 when unset during creation. The valid range is from 1 to 65535.
- `query_interval` (Number) The query interval value in seconds. Defaults to 125 when unset during creation. The valid range is from 1 to 18000.
- `query_response_interval` (Number) The query response interval value in seconds. Defaults to 10 when unset during creation. The valid range is from 1 to 25.
- `report_link_local_groups` (String) Enable or disable reporting link-local groups. Defaults to `disabled` when unset during creation.
- `report_policy_route_map` (String) The Route Map Policy for Multicast. This parameter can be used instead of `report_policy_route_map_uuid`. If both parameter are used, `report_policy_route_map` will be ignored. Providing an empty map will remove the `report_policy_route_map={}` from IGMP Interface Policy.
- `report_policy_route_map_uuid` (String) The UUID of the report policy route map. Providing an empty string will remove the `report_policy_route_map_uuid=""` from IGMP Interface Policy.
- `reserved_multicast_entries` (Number) The reserved multicast entries value. Defaults to 0 when unset during creation. The valid range is from 0 to 4294967295.
- `robustness_variable` (Number) The robustness variable value. Defaults to 2 when unset during creation. The valid range is from 1 to 7.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startup_query_count` (Number) The startup query count value. Defaults to 2 when unset during creation. The valid range is from 1 to 10.
- `startup_query_interval` (Number) The startup query interval value in seconds. Defaults to 31 when unset during creation. The valid range is from 1 to 18000.
- `state` (String) Use `absent` for removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects. Use `present` for creating or updating.
- `state_limit_route_map` (String) The Route Map Policy for Multicast. This parameter can be used instead of `state_limit_route_map_uuid`. If both parameter are used, `state_limit_route_map` will be ignored. Providing an empty map will remove the `state_limit_route_map={}` from IGMP Interface Policy.
- `state_limit_route_map_uuid` (String) The UUID of the state limit route map. Providing an empty string will remove the `state_limit_route_map_uuid=""` from IGMP Interface Policy.
- `static_report_route_map` (String) The Route Map Policy for Multicast. This parameter can be used instead of `static_report_route_map_uuid`. If both parameter are used, `static_report_route_map` will be ignored. Providing an empty map will remove the `static_report_route_map={}` from IGMP Interface Policy.
- `static_report_route_map_uuid` (String) The UUID of the static report route map. Providing an empty string will remove the `static_report_route_map_uuid=""` from IGMP Interface Policy.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template_id` (String) The ID of the L3Out template. This parameter or `template` is required.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the IGMP Interface Policy. This parameter is required when the IGMP Interface Policy `name` needs to be updated.
- `version3_asm` (String) Enable or disable IGMP version 3 ASM. Defaults to `disabled` when unset during creation.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
