---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_switch_alternate_management_interface Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_switch_alternate_management_interface (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Boolean value to enable or disable AMI configuration. If enabled, VLAN and protocols must be set.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `networkId` (String) NetworkId path parameter. Network ID.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `protocols` (String) Can be one or more of the following values 'radius', 'snmp' or 'syslog'.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `switches` (String) Array of switch serial number and IP assignment. If parameter is present, it cannot have empty body. Note switches parameter is not applicable for template networks, in other words, do not put 'switches' in the body when updating template networks. Also, an empty 'switches' array will remove all previous assignments.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vlanId` (Number) Alternate management VLAN, must be between 1 and 4094.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
