---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_aci_aci_vmm_enhanced_lag_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_aci_aci_vmm_enhanced_lag_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) The name of the virtual domain profile where the Enhanced LACP Policy is applied.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lacp_mode` (String) The LACP mode for the policy. Determines whether the policy initiates or responds to LACP negotiations. The APIC defaults to `active` when unset during creation.
- `load_balancing_mode` (String) The load balancing algorithm for distributing traffic across links in the port channel. See the APIC Management Information Model reference for more details. The APIC defaults to `src-dst-ip` when unset during creation
- `name` (String) The name of the Enhanced LACP Policy.
- `number_uplinks` (Number) The minimum number of uplinks required for the port channel. Must be a value between 2 and 8. The APIC defaults to 2 when unset during creation
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The desired state of the Enhanced LACP Policy. Use `present` to create or update the policy. Use `absent` to delete the policy. Use `query` to retrieve information about the policy.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vm_provider` (String) The virtualization platform provider for the VMM domain.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `current` (String) The existing configuration of the Enhanced LACP Policy from the APIC after the module has finished.
- `error` (String) The error information as returned from the APIC.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `proposed` (String) The configuration sent to the APIC.
