---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_nxos_nxos_facts Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_nxos_nxos_facts (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `available_network_resources` (Boolean) When set to `true` a list of network resources for which resource modules are available will be provided.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gather_network_resources` (String) When supplied, this argument will gather configuration facts only for the given subset. Can specify a list of values to include a larger subset. Values can also be used with an initial `!` to specify that a specific subset should not be collected. Valid subsets are `all`, `bfd_interfaces`, `lag_interfaces`, `telemetry`, `vlans`, `lacp`, `lacp_interfaces`, `interfaces`, `l3_interfaces`, `l2_interfaces`, `lldp_global`, `acls`, `acl_interfaces`, `ospfv2`, `ospfv3`, `ospf_interfaces`, `bgp_global`, `bgp_address_family`, `route_maps`, `prefix_lists`, `logging_global`, `ntp_global`, `snmp_server`, `hostname`.
- `gather_subset` (String) When supplied, this argument will gather operational facts only for the given subset. Possible values for this argument include `all`, `hardware`, `config`, `legacy`, `interfaces`, and `min`.  Can specify a list of values to include a larger subset.  Values can also be used with an initial `!` to specify that a specific subset should not be collected.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `ansible_net_all_ipv4_addresses` (String) All IPv4 addresses configured on the device
- `ansible_net_all_ipv6_addresses` (String) All IPv6 addresses configured on the device
- `ansible_net_api` (String) The name of the transport
- `ansible_net_config` (String) The current active config from the device
- `ansible_net_filesystems` (String) All file system names available on the device
- `ansible_net_gather_network_resources` (String) The list of fact for network resource subsets collected from the device
- `ansible_net_gather_subset` (String) The list of fact subsets collected from the device
- `ansible_net_hostname` (String) The configured hostname of the device
- `ansible_net_image` (String) The image file the device is running
- `ansible_net_interfaces` (String) A hash of all interfaces running on the system
- `ansible_net_license_hostid` (String) The License host id of the device
- `ansible_net_memfree_mb` (Number) The available free memory on the remote device in Mb
- `ansible_net_memtotal_mb` (Number) The total memory on the remote device in Mb
- `ansible_net_model` (String) The model name returned from the device
- `ansible_net_neighbors` (String) The list of LLDP and CDP neighbors from the device. If both, CDP and LLDP neighbor data is present on one port, CDP is preferred.
- `ansible_net_python_version` (String) The Python version Ansible controller is using
- `ansible_net_serialnum` (String) The serial number of the remote device
- `ansible_net_version` (String) The operating system version running on the remote device
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `fan_info` (String) A hash of facts about fans in the remote device
- `hostname` (String) The configured hostname of the remote device
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `interfaces_list` (String) The list of interface names on the remote device
- `kickstart` (String) The software version used to boot the system
- `module` (String) A hash of facts about the modules in a remote device
- `platform` (String) The hardware platform reported by the remote device
- `power_supply_info` (String) A hash of facts about the power supplies in the remote device
- `vlan_list` (String) The list of VLAN IDs configured on the remote device
