---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_devices_interfaces_l2_usage_history_by_interval_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_wireless_controller_devices_interfaces_l2_usage_history_by_interval_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `endingBefore` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Controller Devices Interfaces L2 Usage History By Interval Info. EndingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `organizationId` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Controller Devices Interfaces L2 Usage History By Interval Info. OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `perPage` (Number) Information module for Organizations Wireless Controller Devices Interfaces L2 Usage History By Interval Info. PerPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 - 1000. Default is 1000.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `serials` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Controller Devices Interfaces L2 Usage History By Interval Info. Serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter wireless LAN controller by its cloud ID. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startingAfter` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Controller Devices Interfaces L2 Usage History By Interval Info. StartingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `t0` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Controller Devices Interfaces L2 Usage History By Interval Info. T0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 31 days from today.
- `t1` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Controller Devices Interfaces L2 Usage History By Interval Info. T1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. T1 can be a maximum of 31 days after t0.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timespan` (Number) Information module for Organizations Wireless Controller Devices Interfaces L2 Usage History By Interval Info. Timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 31 days. The default is 7 days.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
