---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_appliance_ports Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_appliance_ports (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `accessPolicy` (String) The name of the policy. Only applicable to Access ports. Valid values are 'open', '8021x-radius', 'mac-radius', 'hybris-radius' for MX64 or Z3 or any MX supporting the per port authentication feature. Otherwise, 'open' is the only valid value and 'open' is the default value if the field is missing.
- `allowedVlans` (String) Comma-delimited list of the VLAN ID's allowed on the port, or 'all' to permit all VLAN's on the port.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dropUntaggedTraffic` (Boolean) Trunk port can Drop all Untagged traffic. When true, no VLAN is required. Access ports cannot have dropUntaggedTraffic set to true.
- `enabled` (Boolean) The status of the port.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `networkId` (String) NetworkId path parameter. Network ID.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `portId` (String) PortId path parameter. Port ID.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The type of the port 'access' or 'trunk'.
- `vlan` (Number) Native VLAN when the port is in Trunk mode. Access VLAN when the port is in Access mode.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
