---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_devices_system_memory_usage_history_by_interval_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_devices_system_memory_usage_history_by_interval_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `endingBefore` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices System Memory Usage History By Interval Info. EndingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interval` (Number) Information module for Organizations Devices System Memory Usage History By Interval Info. Interval query parameter. The time interval in seconds for returned data. The valid intervals are 300, 1200, 3600, 14400. The default is 300. Interval is calculated if time params are provided.
- `networkIds` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices System Memory Usage History By Interval Info. NetworkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter the result set by the included set of network IDs.
- `organizationId` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices System Memory Usage History By Interval Info. OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `perPage` (Number) Information module for Organizations Devices System Memory Usage History By Interval Info. PerPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 - 20. Default is 10.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `productTypes` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices System Memory Usage History By Interval Info. ProductTypes query parameter. Optional parameter to filter device statuses by product type. Valid types are wireless, appliance, switch, systemsManager, camera, cellularGateway, sensor, wirelessController, campusGateway, and secureConnect.
- `serials` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices System Memory Usage History By Interval Info. Serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter device availabilities history by device serial numbers.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startingAfter` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices System Memory Usage History By Interval Info. StartingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `t0` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices System Memory Usage History By Interval Info. T0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 31 days from today.
- `t1` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices System Memory Usage History By Interval Info. T1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. T1 can be a maximum of 31 days after t0.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timespan` (Number) Information module for Organizations Devices System Memory Usage History By Interval Info. Timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 31 days. The default is 2 hours. If interval is provided, the timespan will be autocalculated.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
