---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_ucs_ucs_vlan_find Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_ucs_ucs_vlan_find (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `fabric` (String) The fabric configuration of the VLAN.  This can be one of the following: common - The VLAN applies to both fabrics and uses the same configuration parameters in both cases. A — The VLAN only applies to fabric A. B — The VLAN only applies to fabric B.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `pattern` (String) Regex pattern to find within the name property of the fabricVlan class. This is required if `vlanid` parameter is not supplied.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vlanid` (String) The unique string identifier assigned to the VLAN. A VLAN ID can be between '1' and '3967', or between '4048' and '4093'. This is required if `pattern` parameter is not supplied.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vlan_list` (String) basic details of vlans found
