---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_intersight_intersight_rest_api Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_intersight_intersight_rest_api (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `resource_path` (String) Resource URI being configured related to api_uri.

### Optional

- `api_body` (String) The paylod for API requests used to modify resources.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `list_body` (String) The paylod for API requests used to modify resources. Should be used instead of api_body if a list is required in the API payload.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `query_params` (String) Query parameters for the Intersight API query languange.
- `return_list` (Boolean) If `yes`, will return a list of API results in the api_response. By default only the 1st element of the API Results list is returned. Can only be used with GET operations.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If `present`, will verify the resource is present and will create if needed. If `absent`, will verify the resource is absent and will delete if needed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_method` (String) The HTTP method used for update operations. Some Intersight resources require POST operations for modifications. json-patch is used for partial updates. json-patch is only supported for patch operations on existing resources and requires the list_body to be a list of dictionaries. See [The Intersight API Docs]( https://intersight.com/apidocs/introduction/methods/) for details on JSON Patch.

### Read-Only

- `api_response` (String) The API response output returned by the specified resource.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
