---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_devices_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_devices_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `configurationUpdatedAfter` (String) Information module for Devices Info. ConfigurationUpdatedAfter query parameter. Filter results by whether or not the device's configuration has been updated after the given timestamp.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `endingBefore` (String) Information module for Devices Info. EndingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mac` (String) Information module for Devices Info. Mac query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by MAC address. All returned devices will have a MAC address that contains the search term or is an exact match.
- `macs` (String) Information module for Devices Info. Macs query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by one or more MAC addresses. All returned devices will have a MAC address that is an exact match.
- `model` (String) Information module for Devices Info. Model query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by model. All returned devices will have a model that contains the search term or is an exact match.
- `models` (String) Information module for Devices Info. Models query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by one or more models. All returned devices will have a model that is an exact match.
- `name` (String) Information module for Devices Info. Name query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by name. All returned devices will have a name that contains the search term or is an exact match.
- `networkIds` (String) Information module for Devices Info. NetworkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by network.
- `organizationId` (String) Information module for Devices Info. OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `perPage` (Number) Information module for Devices Info. PerPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 - 5000. Default is 1000.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `productTypes` (String) Information module for Devices Info. ProductTypes query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by product type. Valid types are wireless, appliance, switch, systemsManager, camera, cellularGateway, sensor, wirelessController, campusGateway, and secureConnect.
- `sensorAlertProfileIds` (String) Information module for Devices Info. SensorAlertProfileIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by the alert profiles that are bound to them. Only applies to sensor devices.
- `sensorMetrics` (String) Information module for Devices Info. SensorMetrics query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by the metrics that they provide. Only applies to sensor devices.
- `serial` (String) Information module for Devices Info. Serial path parameter.
- `serials` (String) Information module for Devices Info. Serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by one or more serial numbers. All returned devices will have a serial number that is an exact match.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startingAfter` (String) Information module for Devices Info. StartingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tagsFilterType` (String) Information module for Devices Info. TagsFilterType query parameter. Optional parameter of value 'withAnyTags' or 'withAllTags' to indicate whether to return networks which contain ANY or ALL of the included tags. If no type is included, 'withAnyTags' will be selected.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
