---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_sm_devices_reboot Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_sm_devices_reboot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ids` (String) The ids of the endpoints to be rebooted.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `kextPaths` (String) The KextPaths of the endpoints to be rebooted. Available for macOS 11+.
- `networkId` (String) NetworkId path parameter. Network ID.
- `notifyUser` (Boolean) Whether or not to notify the user before rebooting the endpoint. Available for macOS 11.3+.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rebuildKernelCache` (Boolean) Whether or not to rebuild the kernel cache when rebooting the endpoint. Available for macOS 11+.
- `requestRequiresNetworkTether` (Boolean) Whether or not the request requires network tethering. Available for macOS and supervised iOS or tvOS.
- `scope` (String) The scope (one of all, none, withAny, withAll, withoutAny, or withoutAll) and a set of tags of the endpoints to be rebooted.
- `serials` (String) The serials of the endpoints to be rebooted.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wifiMacs` (String) The wifiMacs of the endpoints to be rebooted.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
