---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_mso_mso_schema_site_external_epg Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_mso_mso_schema_site_external_epg (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `schema` (String) The name of the schema.
- `site` (String) The name of the site.
- `template` (String) The name of the template to change.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `external_epg` (String) The name of the External EPG to be managed.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `l3out` (String) The L3Out associated with the external epg. Required when site is of type on-premise. In NDO versions over 4.2, the parameter is accessible only when an external EPG is linked to the current schema-template's VRF.
- `l3out_on_apic` (Boolean) If this parameter is specified, the constructed l3out reference will refer to a distinguished name (DN) in APIC.
- `l3out_schema` (String) The schema that defines the referenced L3Out. If this parameter is unspecified, it defaults to the current schema.
- `l3out_template` (String) The template that defines the referenced L3Out. If this parameter is unspecified, it defaults to the current template.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `route_reachability` (String) Configures if an external EPG route is pointing to the internet or to an external remote network. Only available when associated with an azure site.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `present` or `absent` for adding or removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
