---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_network_device_config_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_network_device_config_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `createdBy` (String) CreatedBy query parameter. Comma separated values for createdBy - SCHEDULED, USER, CONFIG_CHANGE_EVENT, SCHEDULED_FIRST_TIME, DR_CALL_BACK, PRE_DEPLOY.
- `createdTime` (String) CreatedTime query parameter. Supported with logical filters GT,GTE,LT,LTE & BT time in milliseconds (epoc format).
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deviceId` (String) DeviceId query parameter. Comma separated device id for example cf35b0a1-407f-412f-b2f4-f0c3156695f9,aaa38191-0c22-4158-befd-779a09d7cec1. If device id is not provided it will fetch for all devices.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fileType` (String) FileType query parameter. Config File Type can be RUNNINGCONFIG or STARTUPCONFIG.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `limit` (Number) Limit query parameter. The number of records to be retrieved defaults to 500 if not specified, with a maximum allowed limit of 500.
- `offset` (Number) Offset query parameter.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
