---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_aci_aci_static_binding_to_epg Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_aci_aci_static_binding_to_epg (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `ap` (String) Name of an existing application network profile, that will contain the EPGs.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deploy_immediacy` (String) The Deployment Immediacy of Static EPG on PC, VPC or Interface. The APIC defaults to `lazy` when unset during creation.
- `description` (String) Description for the static path to EPG binding.
- `encap_id` (Number) The encapsulation ID associating the `epg` with the interface path. This acts as the secondary `encap_id` when using micro-segmentation. Accepted values are any valid encap ID for specified encap, currently ranges between `1` and `4096`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `epg` (String) The name of the end point group.
- `extpaths` (String) The `extpaths` integer value part of the tDn. `extpaths` is only used if `interface_type` is `fex`, `fex_vpc` or `fex_port_channel`. When `interface_type` is `fex_vpc`, then `extpaths` is a list with both fex IDs. Usually something like `1011`.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interface` (String) The `interface` string value part of the tDn. Usually a policy group like `test-IntPolGrp` or an interface of the following format `1/7` depending on `interface_type`.
- `interface_mode` (String) Determines how layer 2 tags will be read from and added to frames. Values `802.1p` and `native` are identical. Values `access` and `untagged` are identical. Values `regular`, `tagged` and `trunk` are identical. The APIC defaults to `trunk` when unset during creation.
- `interface_type` (String) The type of interface for the static EPG deployment.
- `leafs` (String) The switch ID(s) that the `interface` belongs to. When `interface_type` is `switch_port`, `port_channel`, or `fex`, then `leafs` is a string of the leaf ID. When `interface_type` is `vpc`, then `leafs` is a list with both leaf IDs. The `leafs` value is usually something like '101' or '101-102' depending on `connection_type`.
- `pod_id` (Number) The pod number part of the tDn. `pod_id` is usually an integer below `10`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `primary_encap_id` (String) Determines the primary encapsulation ID associating the `epg` with the interface path when using micro-segmentation. Accepted values are any valid encap ID for specified encap, currently ranges between `1` and `4096` and `unknown`. `unknown` is the default value and using `unknown` disables the Micro-Segmentation.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `present` or `absent` for adding or removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tenant` (String) Name of an existing tenant.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `current` (String) The existing configuration from the APIC after the module has finished
- `error` (String) The error information as returned from the APIC
- `filter_string` (String) The filter string used for the request
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `method` (String) The HTTP method used for the request to the APIC
- `previous` (String) The original configuration from the APIC before the module has started
- `proposed` (String) The assembled configuration from the user-provided parameters
- `raw` (String) The raw output returned by the APIC REST API (xml or json)
- `response` (String) The HTTP response from the APIC
- `sent` (String) The actual/minimal configuration pushed to the APIC
- `status` (Number) The HTTP status from the APIC
- `url` (String) The HTTP url used for the request to the APIC
