---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_mso_mso_schema_template_anp_epg_contract Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_mso_mso_schema_template_anp_epg_contract (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `anp` (String) The name of the ANP.
- `epg` (String) The name of the EPG.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `schema` (String) The name of the Schema.
- `template` (String) The name of the Template.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `contract` (String) The Contract associated to this EPG. This option can not be used in combination with the *contracts* option.
- `contracts` (String) A list of Contracts associated to this EPG. This option can not be used in combination with the `contract` option. All configured contract(s) will be replaced with the provided contract(s) when used with `force_replace=true`. Only the provided contract(s) will be added, updated or removed when used with `force_replace=false`. In combination with the `state=query` all provided contract(s) must be found else the task will fail.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_replace` (Boolean) Replaces all the configured contract(s) with the provided contract(s). This option can only be used in combination with the `contracts` option. In combination with the `state=absent` and without any contract configuration all configured static port(s) will be removed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `present` or `absent` for adding or removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
