---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_energy_network_devices_id_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_energy_network_devices_id_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attribute` (String) Attribute query parameter. List of attributes. Please refer to `NetworkDeviceEnergyAttribute` for supported list of attributes Examples `attribute=id&attribute=energyConsumed`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `endTime` (Number) EndTime query parameter. End time to which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive. If `endTime` is not provided, API will default to one day after `startTime`. If `startTime` is not provided either, API will default to current time.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startTime` (Number) StartTime query parameter. Start time from which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive. If `startTime` is not provided, API will default to one day before `endTime`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `view` (String) View query parameter. List of views. View and attribute work in union. Each view will include its attributes. For example, view device includes all the attributes related to device. Please refer to `NetworkDeviceEnergyView` model for supported list of views Examples `view=device&view=energy`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
