---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_nxos_nxos_vrf Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_nxos_nxos_vrf (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `admin_state` (String) Administrative state of the VRF.
- `aggregate` (String) List of VRFs definitions.
- `associated_interfaces` (String) This is a intent option and checks the operational state of the for given vrf `name` for associated interfaces. If the value in the `associated_interfaces` does not match with the operational state of vrf interfaces on device it will result in failure.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delay` (Number) Time in seconds to wait before checking for the operational state on remote device. This wait is applicable for operational state arguments.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the VRF or keyword 'default'.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interfaces` (String) List of interfaces to check the VRF has been configured correctly or keyword 'default'.
- `name` (String) Name of VRF to be managed.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge` (Boolean) Purge VRFs not defined in the *aggregate* parameter.
- `rd` (String) VPN Route Distinguisher (RD). Valid values are a string in one of the route-distinguisher formats (ASN2:NN, ASN4:NN, or IPV4:NN); the keyword 'auto', or the keyword 'default'.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Manages desired state of the resource.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vni` (String) Specify virtual network identifier. Valid values are Integer or keyword 'default'.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `commands` (String) commands sent to the device
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
