---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_nxos_nxos_snapshot Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_nxos_nxos_snapshot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action` (String) Define what snapshot action the module would perform.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `compare_option` (String) Snapshot options to be used when `action=compare`.
- `comparison_results_file` (String) Name of the file where snapshots comparison will be stored when `action=compare`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Snapshot description to be used when `action=create`.
- `element_key1` (String) Specify the tags used to distinguish among row entries, to be used when `action=add`.
- `element_key2` (String) Specify the tags used to distinguish among row entries, to be used when `action=add`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `path` (String) Specify the path of the file where new created snapshot or snapshots comparison will be stored, to be used when `action=create` and `save_snapshot_locally=true` or `action=compare`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `row_id` (String) Specifies the tag of each row entry of the show command's XML output, to be used when `action=add`.
- `save_snapshot_locally` (Boolean) Specify to locally store a new created snapshot, to be used when `action=create`.
- `section` (String) Used to name the show command output, to be used when `action=add`.
- `show_command` (String) Specify a new show command, to be used when `action=add`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot1` (String) First snapshot to be used when `action=compare`.
- `snapshot2` (String) Second snapshot to be used when `action=compare`.
- `snapshot_name` (String) Snapshot name, to be used when `action=create` or `action=delete`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `commands` (String) commands sent to the device
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
