---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_devices_packet_capture_captures_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_devices_packet_capture_captures_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `adminName` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Packet Capture Captures Info. AdminName query parameter. Return the packet captures matching the admin name.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `captureIds` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Packet Capture Captures Info. CaptureIds query parameter. Return the packet captures of the specified capture ids.
- `captureStatus` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Packet Capture Captures Info. CaptureStatus query parameter. Return the packet captures of the specified capture status.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clientMac` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Packet Capture Captures Info. ClientMac query parameter. Return the packet captures matching the specified client macs.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deviceName` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Packet Capture Captures Info. DeviceName query parameter. Return the packet captures matching the specified device name.
- `endingBefore` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Packet Capture Captures Info. EndingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Packet Capture Captures Info. Name query parameter. Return the packet captures matching the specified name.
- `networkIds` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Packet Capture Captures Info. NetworkIds query parameter. Return the packet captures of the specified network(s).
- `notes` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Packet Capture Captures Info. Notes query parameter. Return the packet captures matching the specified notes.
- `organizationId` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Packet Capture Captures Info. OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `perPage` (Number) Information module for Organizations Devices Packet Capture Captures Info. PerPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 - 100. Default is 10.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `process` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Packet Capture Captures Info. Process query parameter. Return the packet captures of the specified process.
- `serials` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Packet Capture Captures Info. Serials query parameter. Return the packet captures of the specified device(s).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sortOrder` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Packet Capture Captures Info. SortOrder query parameter. Sorted order of entries. Order options are 'ascending' and 'descending'. Default is 'descending'.
- `startingAfter` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Packet Capture Captures Info. StartingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `t0` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Packet Capture Captures Info. T0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 365 days from today.
- `t1` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Packet Capture Captures Info. T1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. T1 can be a maximum of 365 days after t0.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timespan` (Number) Information module for Organizations Devices Packet Capture Captures Info. Timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 365 days. The default is 365 days.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
