---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_nxos_nxos_nxapi Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_nxos_nxos_nxapi (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `http` (Boolean) Controls the operating state of the HTTP protocol as one of the underlying transports for NXAPI.  By default, NXAPI will enable the HTTP transport when the feature is first configured.  To disable the use of the HTTP transport, set the value of this argument to False.
- `http_port` (Number) Configure the port with which the HTTP server will listen on for requests.  By default, NXAPI will bind the HTTP service to the standard HTTP port 80.  This argument accepts valid port values in the range of 1 to 65535.
- `https` (Boolean) Controls the operating state of the HTTPS protocol as one of the underlying transports for NXAPI.  By default, NXAPI will disable the HTTPS transport when the feature is first configured.  To enable the use of the HTTPS transport, set the value of this argument to True.
- `https_port` (Number) Configure the port with which the HTTPS server will listen on for requests.  By default, NXAPI will bind the HTTPS service to the standard HTTPS port 443.  This argument accepts valid port values in the range of 1 to 65535.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `sandbox` (Boolean) The NXAPI feature provides a web base UI for developers for entering commands.  This feature is initially disabled when the NXAPI feature is configured for the first time.  When the `sandbox` argument is set to True, the developer sandbox URL will accept requests and when the value is set to False, the sandbox URL is unavailable. This is supported on NX-OS 7K series.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssl_strong_ciphers` (Boolean) Controls the use of whether strong or weak ciphers are configured. By default, this feature is disabled and weak ciphers are configured.  To enable the use of strong ciphers, set the value of this argument to True.
- `state` (String) The `state` argument controls whether or not the NXAPI feature is configured on the remote device.  When the value is `present` the NXAPI feature configuration is present in the device running-config.  When the values is `absent` the feature configuration is removed from the running-config.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tlsv1_0` (Boolean) Controls the use of the Transport Layer Security version 1.0 is configured.  By default, this feature is enabled.  To disable the use of TLSV1.0, set the value of this argument to True.
- `tlsv1_1` (Boolean) Controls the use of the Transport Layer Security version 1.1 is configured.  By default, this feature is disabled.  To enable the use of TLSV1.1, set the value of this argument to True.
- `tlsv1_2` (Boolean) Controls the use of the Transport Layer Security version 1.2 is configured.  By default, this feature is disabled.  To enable the use of TLSV1.2, set the value of this argument to True.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `updates` (String) Returns the list of commands that need to be pushed into the remote device to satisfy the arguments
