---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_sensor_alerts_overview_by_metric_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_sensor_alerts_overview_by_metric_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interval` (Number) Information module for Networks Sensor Alerts Overview Bymetric Info. Interval query parameter. The time interval in seconds for returned data. The valid intervals are 900, 3600, 86400, 604800, 2592000. The default is 604800. Interval is calculated if time params are provided.
- `networkId` (String) Information module for Networks Sensor Alerts Overview Bymetric Info. NetworkId path parameter. Network ID.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `t0` (String) Information module for Networks Sensor Alerts Overview Bymetric Info. T0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 731 days from today.
- `t1` (String) Information module for Networks Sensor Alerts Overview Bymetric Info. T1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. T1 can be a maximum of 366 days after t0.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timespan` (Number) Information module for Networks Sensor Alerts Overview Bymetric Info. Timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 366 days. The default is 7 days. If interval is provided, the timespan will be autocalculated.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
