---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_network_device Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_network_device (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cleanConfig` (Boolean) CleanConfig query parameter. Selecting the clean up configuration option will attempt to remove device settings that were configured during the addition of the device to the inventory and site assignment. Please note that this operation is different from deprovisioning. It does not remove configurations that were pushed during device provisioning.
- `cliTransport` (String) CLI transport. Supported values telnet, ssh. Required if type is NETWORK_DEVICE.
- `computeDevice` (Boolean) Compute Device or not. Options are true / false.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enablePassword` (String) CLI enable password of the device. Required if device is configured to use enable password.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `extendedDiscoveryInfo` (String) This field holds that info as whether to add device with canned data or not. Supported values DISCOVER_WITH_CANNED_DATA.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `httpPassword` (String) HTTP password of the device / API key for Meraki Dashboard. Required if type is MERAKI_DASHBOARD or COMPUTE_DEVICE.
- `httpPort` (String) HTTP port of the device. Required if type is COMPUTE_DEVICE.
- `httpSecure` (Boolean) Flag to select HTTP / HTTPS protocol. Options are true / false. True for HTTPS and false for HTTP. Default is true.
- `httpUserName` (String) HTTP Username of the device. Required if type is COMPUTE_DEVICE.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipAddress` (String) IP Address of the device. Required if type is NETWORK_DEVICE, COMPUTE_DEVICE or THIRD_PARTY_DEVICE.
- `merakiOrgId` (String) Selected Meraki organization for which the devices needs to be imported. Required if type is MERAKI_DASHBOARD.
- `netconfPort` (String) Netconf Port of the device. CliTransport must be 'ssh' if netconf is provided. Netconf port is required for eWLC.
- `password` (String) CLI Password of the device. Required if type is NETWORK_DEVICE.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `serialNumber` (String) Serial Number of the Device. Required if extendedDiscoveryInfo is 'DISCOVER_WITH_CANNED_DATA'.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snmpAuthPassphrase` (String) SNMPv3 auth passphrase of the device. Required if snmpMode is authNoPriv or authPriv.
- `snmpAuthProtocol` (String) SNMPv3 auth protocol. Supported values sha, md5. Required if snmpMode is authNoPriv or authPriv.
- `snmpMode` (String) SNMPv3 mode. Supported values noAuthnoPriv, authNoPriv, authPriv. Required if snmpVersion is v3.
- `snmpPrivPassphrase` (String) SNMPv3 priv passphrase. Required if snmpMode is authPriv.
- `snmpPrivProtocol` (String) SNMPv3 priv protocol. Supported values AES128. Required if snmpMode is authPriv.
- `snmpROCommunity` (String) SNMP Read Community of the device. If snmpVersion is v2, at least one of snmpROCommunity and snmpRwCommunity is required.
- `snmpRetry` (Number) SNMP retry count. Max value supported is 3. Default is Global SNMP retry (if exists) or 3.
- `snmpRwCommunity` (String) SNMP Write Community of the device. If snmpVersion is v2, at least one of snmpROCommunity and snmpRwCommunity is required.
- `snmpTimeout` (Number) SNMP timeout in seconds. Max value supported is 300. Default is Global SNMP timeout (if exists) or 5.
- `snmpUserName` (String) SNMPV3 user name of the device. Required if snmpVersion is v3.
- `snmpVersion` (String) SNMP version. Values supported v2, v3. Required if type is NETWORK_DEVICE, COMPUTE_DEVICE or THIRD_PARTY_DEVICE.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Type of device being added. Default is NETWORK_DEVICE.
- `updateMgmtIPaddressList` (String) Network Device's updateMgmtIPaddressList.
- `userName` (String) CLI user name of the device. Required if type is NETWORK_DEVICE.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
