---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_firmware_upgrades_by_device_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_firmware_upgrades_by_device_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `currentUpgradesOnly` (Boolean) Information module for Organizations Firmware Upgrades Bydevice Info. CurrentUpgradesOnly query parameter. Optional parameter to filter to only current or pending upgrade statuses.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `endingBefore` (String) Information module for Organizations Firmware Upgrades Bydevice Info. EndingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `firmwareUpgradeBatchIds` (String) Information module for Organizations Firmware Upgrades Bydevice Info. FirmwareUpgradeBatchIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by firmware upgrade batch ids.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `limitPerDevice` (Number) Information module for Organizations Firmware Upgrades Bydevice Info. LimitPerDevice query parameter. Optional parameter to limit the number of upgrade statuses returned per device. If omitted, a value of 5 is used.
- `macs` (String) Information module for Organizations Firmware Upgrades Bydevice Info. Macs query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by one or more MAC addresses belonging to devices. All devices returned belong to MAC addresses that are an exact match.
- `networkIds` (String) Information module for Organizations Firmware Upgrades Bydevice Info. NetworkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by network.
- `organizationId` (String) Information module for Organizations Firmware Upgrades Bydevice Info. OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `perPage` (Number) Information module for Organizations Firmware Upgrades Bydevice Info. PerPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 - 1000. Default is 50.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `serials` (String) Information module for Organizations Firmware Upgrades Bydevice Info. Serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by serial number. All returned devices will have a serial number that is an exact match.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startingAfter` (String) Information module for Organizations Firmware Upgrades Bydevice Info. StartingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `upgradeStatuses` (String) Information module for Organizations Firmware Upgrades Bydevice Info. UpgradeStatuses query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by firmware upgrade statuses.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
