---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_administered_licensing_subscription_subscriptions_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_administered_licensing_subscription_subscriptions_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `endDate` (String) Information module for Administered Licensing Subscription Subscriptions Info. EndDate query parameter. Filter subscriptions by end date, ISO 8601 format. To filter with a range of dates, use 'endDate<option>=?' in the request. Accepted options include lt, gt, lte, gte.
- `endingBefore` (String) Information module for Administered Licensing Subscription Subscriptions Info. EndingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Information module for Administered Licensing Subscription Subscriptions Info. Name query parameter. Search for subscription name.
- `organizationIds` (String) Information module for Administered Licensing Subscription Subscriptions Info. OrganizationIds query parameter. Organizations to get associated subscriptions for.
- `perPage` (Number) Information module for Administered Licensing Subscription Subscriptions Info. PerPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 - 1000. Default is 1000.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `productTypes` (String) Information module for Administered Licensing Subscription Subscriptions Info. ProductTypes query parameter. List of product types that returned subscriptions need to have entitlements for.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `skus` (String) Information module for Administered Licensing Subscription Subscriptions Info. Skus query parameter. List of SKUs that returned subscriptions need to have entitlements for.
- `startDate` (String) Information module for Administered Licensing Subscription Subscriptions Info. StartDate query parameter. Filter subscriptions by start date, ISO 8601 format. To filter with a range of dates, use 'startDate<option>=?' in the request. Accepted options include lt, gt, lte, gte.
- `startingAfter` (String) Information module for Administered Licensing Subscription Subscriptions Info. StartingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `statuses` (String) Information module for Administered Licensing Subscription Subscriptions Info. Statuses query parameter. List of statuses that returned subscriptions can have.
- `subscriptionIds` (String) Information module for Administered Licensing Subscription Subscriptions Info. SubscriptionIds query parameter. List of subscription ids to fetch.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
