---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_wireless_accesspoint_configuration_summary_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_wireless_accesspoint_configuration_summary_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `apMode` (String) ApMode query parameter. AP Mode. Allowed values are Local, Bridge, Monitor, FlexConnect, Sniffer, Rogue Detector, SE-Connect, Flex+Bridge, Sensor.
- `apModel` (String) ApModel query parameter. AP Model.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key` (String) Key query parameter. The ethernet MAC address of Access point.
- `limit` (Number) Limit query parameter. The number of records to show for this page. The default is 500 if not specified. The maximum allowed limit is 500.
- `meshRole` (String) MeshRole query parameter. Mesh Role. Allowed values are RAP or MAP.
- `offset` (Number) Offset query parameter. The first record to show for this page; the first record is numbered 1.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `provisioned` (String) Provisioned query parameter. Indicate whether AP provisioned or not. Allowed values are True or False.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wlcIpAddress` (String) WlcIpAddress query parameter. WLC IP Address.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
