---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_intersight_intersight_ethernet_adapter_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_intersight_intersight_ethernet_adapter_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name assigned to the Ethernet Adapter Policy. The name must be between 1 and 62 alphanumeric characters, allowing special characters :-_.

### Optional

- `advanced_filter` (Boolean) Enables advanced filtering on the interface.
- `arfs_enabled` (Boolean) Status of Accelerated Receive Flow Steering on the virtual ethernet interface.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `completion_queue_count` (Number) The number of completion queue resources to allocate. In general, the number of completion queue resources to allocate is equal to the number of transmit queue resources plus the number of receive queue resources.
- `completion_ring_size` (Number) The number of descriptors in each completion queue.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The user-defined description for the Ethernet Adapter Policy. Description can contain letters(a-z, A-Z), numbers(0-9), hyphen(-), period(.), colon(:), or an underscore(_).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `etherchannel_pinning_enabled` (Boolean) Enables EtherChannel Pinning to combine multiple physical links between two network switches into a single logical link. Transmit Queue Count should be at least 2 to enable ether channel pinning.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `geneve_enabled` (Boolean) GENEVE offload protocol allows you to create logical networks that span physical network boundaries. Cannot be enabled simultaneously with ARFS.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interrupt_coalescing_time` (Number) The time to wait between interrupts or the idle period that must be encountered before an interrupt is sent. To turn off interrupt coalescing, enter 0 (zero) in this field.
- `interrupt_coalescing_type` (String) Interrupt Coalescing Type. MIN - The system waits for the time specified in the Coalescing Time field before sending another interrupt event. IDLE - The system does not send an interrupt until there is a period of no activity lasting at least as long as the time specified in the Coalescing Time field.
- `interrupt_count` (Number) The number of interrupt resources to allocate. Typical value is be equal to the number of completion queue resources.
- `interrupt_mode` (String) Preferred driver interrupt mode. MSIx - Message Signaled Interrupts (MSI) with the optional extension (recommended). MSI - MSI only. INTx - PCI INTx interrupts.
- `interrupt_scaling` (Boolean) Enables Interrupt Scaling on the interface.
- `nvgre_enabled` (Boolean) Status of the Network Virtualization using Generic Routing Encapsulation on the virtual ethernet interface.
- `organization` (String) The name of the Organization this resource is assigned to. Profiles, Policies, and Pools that are created within a Custom Organization are applicable only to devices in the same Organization.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `ptp_enabled` (Boolean) Status of Precision Time Protocol (PTP) on the virtual ethernet interface. PTP can be enabled only on one vNIC on an adapter.
- `roce_class_of_service` (Number) The Class of Service for RoCE on this virtual interface. Only applicable when roce_enabled is true.
- `roce_enabled` (Boolean) If enabled sets RDMA over Converged Ethernet (RoCE) on this virtual interface. Cannot be enabled simultaneously with NVGRE.
- `roce_memory_regions` (Number) The number of memory regions per adapter. Recommended value = integer power of 2. Only applicable when roce_enabled is true.
- `roce_queue_pairs` (Number) The number of queue pairs per adapter. Recommended value = integer power of 2. Only applicable when roce_enabled is true.
- `roce_resource_groups` (Number) The number of resource groups per adapter. Recommended value = be an integer power of 2 greater than or equal to the number of CPU cores. Only applicable when roce_enabled is true.
- `roce_version` (Number) Configure RDMA over Converged Ethernet (RoCE) version on the virtual interface. Only RoCEv1 is supported on Cisco VIC 13xx series adapters and only RoCEv2 is supported on Cisco VIC 14xx series adapters. Only applicable when roce_enabled is true.
- `rss_enabled` (Boolean) Receive Side Scaling allows the incoming traffic to be spread across multiple CPU cores.
- `rss_ipv4_hash` (Boolean) When enabled, the IPv4 address is used for traffic distribution.
- `rss_ipv6_ext_hash` (Boolean) When enabled, the IPv6 extensions are used for traffic distribution.
- `rss_ipv6_hash` (Boolean) When enabled, the IPv6 address is used for traffic distribution.
- `rss_tcp_ipv4_hash` (Boolean) When enabled, both the IPv4 address and TCP port number are used for traffic distribution.
- `rss_tcp_ipv6_ext_hash` (Boolean) When enabled, both the IPv6 extensions and TCP port number are used for traffic distribution.
- `rss_tcp_ipv6_hash` (Boolean) When enabled, both the IPv6 address and TCP port number are used for traffic distribution.
- `rss_udp_ipv4_hash` (Boolean) When enabled, both the IPv4 address and UDP port number are used for traffic distribution.
- `rss_udp_ipv6_hash` (Boolean) When enabled, both the IPv6 address and UDP port number are used for traffic distribution.
- `rx_queue_count` (Number) The number of receive queue resources to allocate.
- `rx_ring_size` (Number) The number of descriptors in each receive queue.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If `present`, will verify the resource is present and will create if needed. If `absent`, will verify the resource is absent and will delete if needed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tcp_large_receive` (Boolean) Enables the reassembly of segmented packets in hardware before sending them to the CPU.
- `tcp_large_send` (Boolean) Enables the CPU to send large packets to the hardware for segmentation.
- `tcp_rx_checksum` (Boolean) When enabled, the CPU sends all packet checksums to the hardware for validation.
- `tcp_tx_checksum` (Boolean) When enabled, the CPU sends all packets to the hardware so that the checksum can be calculated.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `tx_queue_count` (Number) The number of transmit queue resources to allocate.
- `tx_ring_size` (Number) The number of descriptors in each transmit queue.
- `uplink_failback_timeout` (Number) Uplink Failback Timeout in seconds when uplink failover is enabled for a vNIC. After a vNIC has started using its secondary interface, this setting controls how long the primary interface must be available before the system resumes using the primary interface for the vNIC.
- `vxlan_enabled` (Boolean) Status of the Virtual Extensible LAN Protocol on the virtual ethernet interface.

### Read-Only

- `api_response` (String) The API response output returned by the specified resource.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
