---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_policy_objects Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_policy_objects (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `category` (String) Category of a policy object (one of adaptivePolicy, network).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cidr` (String) CIDR Value of a policy object (e.g. 10.11.12.1/24").
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fqdn` (String) Fully qualified domain name of policy object (e.g. "example.com").
- `groupIds` (String) The IDs of policy object groups the policy object belongs to.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip` (String) IP Address of a policy object (e.g. "1.2.3.4").
- `mask` (String) Mask of a policy object (e.g. "255.255.0.0").
- `name` (String) Name of a policy object, unique within the organization (alphanumeric, space, dash, or underscore characters only).
- `organizationId` (String) OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `policyObjectId` (String) PolicyObjectId path parameter. Policy object ID.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Type of a policy object (one of adaptivePolicyIpv4Cidr, cidr, fqdn, ipAndMask).

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
