---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_images_site_wise_product_names_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_images_site_wise_product_names_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `assigned` (String) Assigned query parameter. Filter with the assigned/unassigned, `ASSIGNED` option will filter network device products that are associated with the given image. The `NOT_ASSIGNED` option will filter network device products that have not yet been associated with the given image but apply to it. Available values ASSIGNED, NOT_ASSIGNED.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `imageId` (String) ImageId path parameter. Software image identifier. Refer `/dna/intent/api/v1/images` API for obtaining `imageId`.
- `limit` (Number) Limit query parameter. The number of records to show for this page. The minimum and maximum values are 1 and 500, respectively.
- `offset` (Number) Offset query parameter. The first record to show for this page; the first record is numbered 1. The minimum value is 1.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `productId` (String) ProductId query parameter. Filter with product ID (PID).
- `productName` (String) ProductName query parameter. Filter with network device product name. Supports partial case-insensitive search. A minimum of 3 characters is required for the search.
- `recommended` (String) Recommended query parameter. Filter with recommended source. If `CISCO` then the network device product assigned was recommended by Cisco and `USER` then the user has manually assigned. Available values CISCO, USER.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
