---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_assurance_alerts_overview_by_type_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_assurance_alerts_overview_by_type_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Information module for Organizations Assurance Alerts Overview By Type Info. Active query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by active alerts defaults to true.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `category` (String) Information module for Organizations Assurance Alerts Overview By Type Info. Category query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by category.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deviceTags` (String) Information module for Organizations Assurance Alerts Overview By Type Info. DeviceTags query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by device tags.
- `deviceTypes` (String) Information module for Organizations Assurance Alerts Overview By Type Info. DeviceTypes query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by device types.
- `dismissed` (Boolean) Information module for Organizations Assurance Alerts Overview By Type Info. Dismissed query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by dismissed alerts defaults to false.
- `endingBefore` (String) Information module for Organizations Assurance Alerts Overview By Type Info. EndingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `networkId` (String) Information module for Organizations Assurance Alerts Overview By Type Info. NetworkId query parameter. Optional parameter to filter alerts overview by network ids.
- `organizationId` (String) Information module for Organizations Assurance Alerts Overview By Type Info. OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `perPage` (Number) Information module for Organizations Assurance Alerts Overview By Type Info. PerPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 - 1000. Default is 1000.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resolved` (Boolean) Information module for Organizations Assurance Alerts Overview By Type Info. Resolved query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by resolved alerts defaults to false.
- `serials` (String) Information module for Organizations Assurance Alerts Overview By Type Info. Serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by primary device serial.
- `severity` (String) Information module for Organizations Assurance Alerts Overview By Type Info. Severity query parameter. Optional parameter to filter alerts overview by severity type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sortBy` (String) Information module for Organizations Assurance Alerts Overview By Type Info. SortBy query parameter. Optional parameter to set column to sort by.
- `sortOrder` (String) Information module for Organizations Assurance Alerts Overview By Type Info. SortOrder query parameter. Sorted order of entries. Order options are 'ascending' and 'descending'. Default is 'ascending'.
- `startingAfter` (String) Information module for Organizations Assurance Alerts Overview By Type Info. StartingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `suppressAlertsForOfflineNodes` (Boolean) Information module for Organizations Assurance Alerts Overview By Type Info. SuppressAlertsForOfflineNodes query parameter. When set to true the api will only return connectivity alerts for a given device if that device is in an offline state. This only applies to devices. This is ignored when resolved is true. Example If a Switch has a VLan Mismatch and is Unreachable. Only the Unreachable alert will be returned. Defaults to false.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `tsEnd` (String) Information module for Organizations Assurance Alerts Overview By Type Info. TsEnd query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by end timestamp.
- `tsStart` (String) Information module for Organizations Assurance Alerts Overview By Type Info. TsStart query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by starting timestamp.
- `types` (String) Information module for Organizations Assurance Alerts Overview By Type Info. Types query parameter. Optional parameter to filter by alert type.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
