---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_nxos_nxos_aaa_server_host Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_nxos_nxos_aaa_server_host (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address` (String) Address or name of the radius or tacacs host.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `server_type` (String) The server type is either radius or tacacs.

### Optional

- `acct_port` (String) Alternate UDP port for RADIUS accounting or keyword 'default'.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_port` (String) Alternate UDP port for RADIUS authentication or keyword 'default'.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encrypt_type` (String) The state of encryption applied to the entered key. O for clear text, 7 for encrypted. Type-6 encryption is not supported.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host_timeout` (String) Timeout period for specified host, in seconds or keyword 'default. Range is 1-60.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key` (String) Shared secret for the specified host or keyword 'default'.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Manage the state of the resource.
- `tacacs_port` (String) Alternate TCP port TACACS Server or keyword 'default'.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `end_state` (String) k/v pairs of configuration after module execution
- `existing` (String) k/v pairs of existing configuration
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `proposed` (String) k/v pairs of parameters passed into module
- `updates` (String) command sent to the device
