---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_nxos_nxos_igmp_interface Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_nxos_nxos_igmp_interface (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `interface` (String) The full interface name for IGMP configuration. e.g. *Ethernet1/2*.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `group_timeout` (String) Sets the group membership timeout for IGMPv2. Values can range from 3 to 65,535 seconds or keyword 'default'. The default is 260 seconds.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `immediate_leave` (Boolean) Enables the device to remove the group entry from the multicast routing table immediately upon receiving a leave message for the group. Use this command to minimize the leave latency of IGMPv2 group memberships on a given IGMP interface because the device does not send group-specific queries. The default is disabled.
- `last_member_qrt` (String) Sets the query interval waited after sending membership reports before the software deletes the group state. Values can range from 1 to 25 seconds or keyword 'default'. The default is 1 second.
- `last_member_query_count` (String) Sets the number of times that the software sends an IGMP query in response to a host leave message. Values can range from 1 to 5 or keyword 'default'. The default is 2.
- `oif_ps` (String) Configure prefixes and sources for static outgoing interface (OIF). This is a list of dict where each dict has source and prefix defined or just prefix if source is not needed. The specified values will be configured on the device and if any previous prefix/sources exist, they will be removed. Keyword 'default' is also accepted which removes all existing prefix/sources.
- `oif_routemap` (String) Configure a routemap for static outgoing interface (OIF) or keyword 'default'.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `querier_timeout` (String) Sets the querier timeout that the software uses when deciding to take over as the querier. Values can range from 1 to 65535 seconds or keyword 'default'. The default is 255 seconds.
- `query_interval` (String) Sets the frequency at which the software sends IGMP host query messages. Values can range from 1 to 18000 seconds or keyword 'default'. The default is 125 seconds.
- `query_mrt` (String) Sets the response time advertised in IGMP queries. Values can range from 1 to 25 seconds or keyword 'default'. The default is 10 seconds.
- `report_llg` (Boolean) Configures report-link-local-groups. Enables sending reports for groups in 224.0.0.0/24. Reports are always sent for nonlink local groups. By default, reports are not sent for link local groups.
- `restart` (Boolean) Restart IGMP. This is NOT idempotent as this is action only.
- `robustness` (String) Sets the robustness variable. Values can range from 1 to 7 or keyword 'default'. The default is 2.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startup_query_count` (String) Query count used when the IGMP process starts up. The range is from 1 to 10 or keyword 'default'. The default is 2.
- `startup_query_interval` (String) Query interval used when the IGMP process starts up. The range is from 1 to 18000 or keyword 'default'. The default is 31.
- `state` (String) Manages desired state of the resource.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `version` (String) IGMP version. It can be 2 or 3 or keyword 'default'.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `end_state` (String) k/v pairs of igmp interface configuration after module execution
- `existing` (String) k/v pairs of existing igmp_interface configuration
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `proposed` (String) k/v pairs of parameters passed into module
- `updates` (String) commands sent to the device
