---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_ucs_ucs_timezone Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_ucs_ucs_timezone (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `admin_state` (String) The admin_state setting The enabled admin_state indicates the timezone configuration is utilized by UCS Manager. The disabled admin_state indicates the timezone configuration is ignored by UCS Manager.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A user-defined description of the timezone. Enter up to 256 characters. You can use any characters or spaces except the following: ` (accent mark),  (backslash), ^ (carat), " (double quote), = (equal sign), > (greater than), < (less than), or ' (single quote).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If `absent`, will unset timezone. If `present`, will set or update timezone.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timezone` (String) The timezone name. Time zone names are from the [tz database](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones) The timezone name is case sensitive. The timezone name can be between 0 and 510 alphanumeric characters. You cannot use spaces or any special characters other than "-" (hyphen), "_" (underscore), "/" (backslash).
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
