---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_aci_aci_epg Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_aci_aci_epg (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `ap` (String) Name of an existing application network profile, that will contain the EPGs.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bd` (String) Name of the bridge domain being associated with the EPG.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `custom_qos_policy` (String) The name of the custom Quality of Service policy.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description for the EPG.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `epg` (String) Name of the end point group.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fwd_control` (String) The forwarding control used by the EPG. The APIC defaults to `none` when unset during creation.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `intra_epg_isolation` (String) The Intra EPG Isolation. The APIC defaults to `unenforced` when unset during creation.
- `match` (String) The match type of the default Block Statement (fv:Crtrn). The APIC defaults to `any` when unset during creation.
- `monitoring_policy` (String) The name of the monitoring policy.
- `name_alias` (String) The alias for the current object. This relates to the nameAlias field in ACI.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `precedence` (Number) The Block Statement(fv:Crtrn) Precedence to resolve equal matches between micro segmented EPGs. The APIC defaults to `0` when unset during creation.
- `preferred_group` (Boolean) Whether or not the EPG is part of the Preferred Group and can communicate without contracts. This is very convenient for migration scenarios, or when ACI is used for network automation but not for policy. The APIC defaults to `false` when unset during creation.
- `priority` (String) The QoS class. The APIC defaults to `unspecified` when unset during creation.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `present` or `absent` for adding or removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tenant` (String) Name of an existing tenant.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `useg` (String) Use `yes` to create uSeg EPG and `no` is used to create Application EPG.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `current` (String) The existing configuration from the APIC after the module has finished
- `error` (String) The error information as returned from the APIC
- `filter_string` (String) The filter string used for the request
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `method` (String) The HTTP method used for the request to the APIC
- `previous` (String) The original configuration from the APIC before the module has started
- `proposed` (String) The assembled configuration from the user-provided parameters
- `raw` (String) The raw output returned by the APIC REST API (xml or json)
- `response` (String) The HTTP response from the APIC
- `sent` (String) The actual/minimal configuration pushed to the APIC
- `status` (Number) The HTTP status from the APIC
- `url` (String) The HTTP url used for the request to the APIC
