---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_interfaces_count_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_interfaces_count_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `endTime` (Number) EndTime query parameter. End time to which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interfaceId` (String) InterfaceId query parameter. The list of Interface Uuids. (Ex. `6bef213c-19ca-4170-8375-b694e251101c`) Examples `interfaceId=6bef213c-19ca-4170-8375-b694e251101c` (single interface uuid ) `interfaceId=6bef21 3c-19ca-4170-8375-b694e251101c&32219612-819e-4b5e-a96b-cf22aca13dd9&2541e9a7-b80d-4955-8aa2- 79b233318ba0` (multiple Interface uuid with & separator).
- `interfaceName` (String) InterfaceName query parameter. The list of Interface name (Ex. `GigabitEthernet1/0/1`) This field supports wildcard (`*`) character-based search. Ex `*1/0/1*` or `1/0/1*` or `*1/0/1` Examples `interfaceNames=GigabitEthernet1/0/1` (single interface name) `interfaceNames=GigabitEthernet1/0/1&GigabitEthernet2/0/1&GigabitEthernet3/0/1` (multiple interface names with & separator).
- `networkDeviceId` (String) NetworkDeviceId query parameter. The list of Network Device Uuids. (Ex. `6bef213c-19ca-4170-8375-b694e251101c`) Examples `networkDeviceId=6bef213c-19ca-4170-8375-b694e251101c` (single networkDeviceId requested) `networkDeviceId=6bef213c-19ca-4170-8375- b694e251101c&networkDeviceId=32219612-819e-4b5e-a96b-cf22aca13dd9&networkDeviceId=2541e9a7-b80d-4955- 8aa2-79b233318ba0` (multiple networkDeviceIds with & separator).
- `networkDeviceIpAddress` (String) NetworkDeviceIpAddress query parameter. The list of Network Device management IP Address. (Ex. `121.1.1.10`) This field supports wildcard (`*`) character-based search. Ex `*1.1*` or `1.1*` or `*1.1` Examples `networkDeviceIpAddress=121.1.1.10` `networkDeviceIpAddress=121.1.1.10&networkDeviceIpAddress=1 72.20.1.10&networkDeviceIpAddress=10.10.20.10` (multiple networkDevice IP Address with & separator).
- `networkDeviceMacAddress` (String) NetworkDeviceMacAddress query parameter. The list of Network Device MAC Address. (Ex. `64 f6 9d 07 9a 00`) This field supports wildcard (`*`) character-based search. Ex `*AB AB AB*` or `AB AB AB*` or `*AB AB AB` Examples `networkDeviceMacAddress=64 f6 9d 07 9a 00` `networkDeviceMacAddress=64 f6 9d 07 9a 00&networkDeviceMacAddress=70 56 9d 07 ac 77` (multiple networkDevice MAC addresses with & separator).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `siteHierarchy` (String) SiteHierarchy query parameter. The full hierarchical breakdown of the site tree starting from Global site name and ending with the specific site name. The Root site is named "Global" (Ex. `Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName`) This field supports wildcard asterisk (`*`) character search support. E.g. `*/San*, */San, /San*` Examples `?siteHierarchy=Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName` (single siteHierarchy requested) `?siteHierarchy=Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName&siteHierarchy=Gl obal/AreaName2/BuildingName2/FloorName2` (multiple siteHierarchies requested).
- `siteHierarchyId` (String) SiteHierarchyId query parameter. The full hierarchy breakdown of the site tree in id form starting from Global site UUID and ending with the specific site UUID. (Ex. `globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid`) This field supports wildcard asterisk (`*`) character search support. E.g. `*uuid*, *uuid, uuid*` Examples `?siteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid `(single siteHierarchyId requested) `?siteH ierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid&siteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid2/buildingUuid2 /floorUuid2` (multiple siteHierarchyIds requested).
- `siteId` (String) SiteId query parameter. The UUID of the site. (Ex. `flooruuid`) Examples `?siteId=id1` (single id requested) `?siteId=id1&siteId=id2&siteId=id3` (multiple ids requested).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startTime` (Number) StartTime query parameter. Start time from which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive. If `startTime` is not provided, API will default to current time.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
