---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_bind Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_bind (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `autoBind` (Boolean) Optional boolean indicating whether the network's switches should automatically bind to profiles of the same model. Defaults to false if left unspecified. This option only affects switch networks and switch templates. Auto-bind is not valid unless the switch template has at least one profile and has at most one profile per switch model.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `configTemplateId` (String) The ID of the template to which the network should be bound.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `networkId` (String) NetworkId path parameter. Network ID.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
