---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_meraki_network Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_meraki_network (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `copy_from_network_id` (String) New network inherits properties from this network ID. Other provided parameters will override the copied configuration. Type which must match this network's type exactly.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable_vlans` (Boolean) Boolean value specifying whether VLANs should be supported on a network. Requires `net_name` or `net_id` to be specified.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `local_status_page_enabled` (Boolean) - This no longer works and will likely be moved to a separate module. - Enables the local device status pages (U[my.meraki.com](my.meraki.com), U[ap.meraki.com](ap.meraki.com), U[switch.meraki.com](switch.meraki.com), U[wired.meraki.com](wired.meraki.com)). - Only can be specified on its own or with `remote_status_page_enabled`.
- `net_id` (String) ID number of a network.
- `net_name` (String) Name of a network.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remote_status_page_enabled` (Boolean) This no longer works and will likely be moved to a separate module. Enables access to the device status page (http://device LAN IP). Can only be set if `local_status_page_enabled:` is set to `yes`. Only can be specified on its own or with `local_status_page_enabled`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or modify an organization.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timezone` (String) Timezone associated to network. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones for a list of valid timezones.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Type of network device network manages. Required when creating a network. As of Ansible 2.8, `combined` type is no longer accepted. As of Ansible 2.8, changes to this parameter are no longer idempotent.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) Information about the created or manipulated object.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
