---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_wireless_controllers_provision Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_wireless_controllers_provision (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `apAuthorizationListName` (String) AP Authorization List name. 'Obtain the AP Authorization List names by using the API call GET /intent/api/v1/wirelessSettings/apAuthorizationLists. During re-provision, obtain the AP Authorization List configured for the given provisioned network device Id using the API call GET /intent/api/v1/wireless/apAuthorizationLists/{networkDev...
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authorizeMeshAndNonMeshAccessPoints` (Boolean) True if AP Authorization List should authorize against All Mesh/Non-Mesh APs, else false if AP Authorization List should only authorize against Mesh APs (Applicable only when Mesh is enabled on sites).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deviceId` (String) DeviceId path parameter. Network Device ID. This value can be obtained by using the API call GET /dna/intent/api/v1/network-device/ip-address/${ipAddress}.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `featureTemplatesOverridenAttributes` (String) Wireless Controllers Provision's featureTemplatesOverridenAttributes.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interfaces` (String) Wireless Controllers Provision's interfaces.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rollingApUpgrade` (String) Wireless Controllers Provision's rollingApUpgrade.
- `skipApProvision` (Boolean) True if Skip AP Provision is enabled, else False.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
