---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_mso_ndo_vlan_pool Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_mso_ndo_vlan_pool (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `template` (String) The name of the template. The template must be a fabric policy template.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the VLAN Pool.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `absent` for removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects. Use `present` for creating or updating.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vlan_pool` (String) The name of the VLAN Pool.
- `vlan_pool_uuid` (String) The uuid of the VLAN Pool. This parameter is required when the `vlan_pool` needs to be updated.
- `vlan_ranges` (String) A list of vlan ranges attached to the VLAN Pool. The list of configured vlan ranges must contain at least one entry. When the list of vlan ranges is null the update will not change existing entry configuration.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
