---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_wireless_controllers_by_device_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_wireless_devices_wireless_controllers_by_device_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `controllerSerials` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Devices Wireless Controllers By Device Info. ControllerSerials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter access points by its wireless LAN controller cloud ID. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `endingBefore` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Devices Wireless Controllers By Device Info. EndingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `networkIds` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Devices Wireless Controllers By Device Info. NetworkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter access points by network ID. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `organizationId` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Devices Wireless Controllers By Device Info. OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `perPage` (Number) Information module for Organizations Wireless Devices Wireless Controllers By Device Info. PerPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 - 1000. Default is 100.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `serials` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Devices Wireless Controllers By Device Info. Serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter access points by its cloud ID. This filter uses multiple exact matches.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startingAfter` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Devices Wireless Controllers By Device Info. StartingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
