---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_meraki_mr_radio Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_meraki_mr_radio (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `five_ghz_settings` (String) Manual radio settings for 5 GHz.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `net_id` (String) ID of a network.
- `net_name` (String) Name of a network.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rf_profile_id` (String) The ID of an RF profile to assign to the device. If the value of this parameter is null, the appropriate basic RF profile (indoor or outdoor) will be assigned to the device. Assigning an RF profile will clear ALL manually configured overrides on the device (channel width, channel, power).
- `rf_profile_name` (String) The name of an RF profile to assign to the device. Similar to ``rf_profile_id``, but requires ``net_id`` (preferred) or ``net_name``.
- `serial` (String) Serial number of a device to query.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Query or edit radio settings on a device.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `two_four_ghz_settings` (String) Manual radio settings for 2.4 GHz.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) RF settings configured on a specific device.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
