---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_camera_detections_history_by_boundary_by_interval_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_camera_detections_history_by_boundary_by_interval_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `boundaryIds` (String) Information module for Organizations Camera Detections History Byboundary Byinterval Info. BoundaryIds query parameter. A list of boundary ids. The returned cameras will be filtered to only include these ids.
- `boundaryTypes` (String) Information module for Organizations Camera Detections History Byboundary Byinterval Info. BoundaryTypes query parameter. The detection types. Defaults to 'person'.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `duration` (Number) Information module for Organizations Camera Detections History Byboundary Byinterval Info. Duration query parameter. The minimum time, in seconds, that the person or car remains in the area to be counted. Defaults to boundary configuration or 60.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `organizationId` (String) Information module for Organizations Camera Detections History Byboundary Byinterval Info. OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `perPage` (Number) Information module for Organizations Camera Detections History Byboundary Byinterval Info. PerPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 1 - 1000. Defaults to 1000.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `ranges` (String) Information module for Organizations Camera Detections History Byboundary Byinterval Info. Ranges query parameter. A list of time ranges with intervals.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
