---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_mso_mso_schema_template_vrf Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_mso_mso_schema_template_vrf (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `schema` (String) The name of the schema.
- `template` (String) The name of the template.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bd_enforcement_status` (Boolean) Whether to enable BD Enforcement Status.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `display_name` (String) The name as displayed on the MSO web interface.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_data_plane_learning` (String) Whether IP data plane learning is enabled or disabled. The APIC defaults to `enabled` when unset during creation.
- `layer3_multicast` (Boolean) Whether to enable L3 multicast.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `preferred_group` (Boolean) Whether to enable preferred Endpoint Group. The APIC defaults to `false` when unset during creation.
- `site_aware_policy_enforcement` (Boolean) Whether to enable Site-aware Policy Enforcement Mode. Enabling or Disabling Site-aware Policy Enforcement Mode will cause temporary traffic disruption. Enabling Site-aware Policy Enforcement Mode will increase TCAM usage for existing contracts. Site-aware Policy Enforcement needs to be enabled in the consumer and provider VRF when an inter-VRF contract is required. Contract permit logging cannot be used when Site-aware Policy Enforcement Mode is enabled.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `present` or `absent` for adding or removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vrf` (String) The name of the VRF to manage.
- `vzany` (Boolean) Whether to enable vzAny.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
