---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_applications_health_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_applications_health_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `applicationHealth` (String) ApplicationHealth query parameter. Application health category (POOR, FAIR, or GOOD. Optionally use with siteId only).
- `applicationName` (String) ApplicationName query parameter. The name of the application to get information on.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deviceId` (String) DeviceId query parameter. Assurance device UUID value (Cannot be submitted together with siteId and clientMac).
- `endTime` (Number) EndTime query parameter. Ending epoch time in milliseconds of time window.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `limit` (Number) Limit query parameter. The max number of application entries in returned data 1, 1000 (optionally used with siteId only).
- `macAddress` (String) MacAddress query parameter. Client device's MAC address (Cannot be submitted together with siteId and deviceId).
- `offset` (Number) Offset query parameter. The offset of the first application in the returned data (optionally used with siteId only).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `siteId` (String) SiteId query parameter. Assurance site UUID value (Cannot be submitted together with deviceId and clientMac).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startTime` (Number) StartTime query parameter. Starting epoch time in milliseconds of time window.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
