---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_ios_ios_vrf Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_ios_ios_vrf (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `address_family` (String) The list of address families with MDT parameters to be configured on the remote IOS device.
- `associated_interfaces` (String) This is a intent option and checks the operational state of the for given vrf `name` for associated interfaces. If the value in the `associated_interfaces` does not match with the operational state of vrf interfaces on device it will result in failure.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delay` (Number) Time in seconds to wait before checking for the operational state on remote device.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Provides a short description of the VRF definition in the current active configuration.  The VRF definition value accepts alphanumeric characters used to provide additional information about the VRF.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interfaces` (String) Identifies the set of interfaces that should be configured in the VRF.  Interfaces must be routed interfaces in order to be placed into a VRF.
- `name` (String) The name of the VRF definition to be managed on the remote IOS device.  The VRF definition name is an ASCII string name used to uniquely identify the VRF.  This argument is mutually exclusive with the `vrfs` argument
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge` (Boolean) Instructs the module to consider the VRF definition absolute.  It will remove any previously configured VRFs on the device.
- `rd` (String) The router-distinguisher value uniquely identifies the VRF to routing processes on the remote IOS system.  The RD value takes the form of `A:B` where `A` and `B` are both numeric values.
- `route_both` (String) Adds an export and import list of extended route target communities to the VRF.
- `route_both_ipv4` (String) Adds an export and import list of extended route target communities in address-family configuration submode to the VRF.
- `route_both_ipv6` (String) Adds an export and import list of extended route target communities in address-family configuration submode to the VRF.
- `route_export` (String) Adds an export list of extended route target communities to the VRF.
- `route_export_ipv4` (String) Adds an export list of extended route target communities in address-family configuration submode to the VRF.
- `route_export_ipv6` (String) Adds an export list of extended route target communities in address-family configuration submode to the VRF.
- `route_import` (String) Adds an import list of extended route target communities to the VRF.
- `route_import_ipv4` (String) Adds an import list of extended route target communities in address-family configuration submode to the VRF.
- `route_import_ipv6` (String) Adds an import list of extended route target communities in address-family configuration submode to the VRF.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Configures the state of the VRF definition as it relates to the device operational configuration.  When set to *present*, the VRF should be configured in the device active configuration and when set to *absent* the VRF should not be in the device active configuration
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vrfs` (String) The set of VRF definition objects to be configured on the remote IOS device.  Ths list entries can either be the VRF name or a hash of VRF definitions and attributes.  This argument is mutually exclusive with the `name` argument.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `commands` (String) The list of configuration mode commands to send to the device
- `delta` (String) The time elapsed to perform all operations
- `end` (String) The time the job ended
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `start` (String) The time the job started
