---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_aci_aci_l3out Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_aci_aci_l3out (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `asn` (Number) The AS number for the L3Out. Only applicable when using 'eigrp' as the l3protocol.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description for the L3Out.
- `domain` (String) Name of the external L3 domain being associated with the L3Out.
- `dscp` (String) The target Differentiated Service (DSCP) value. The APIC defaults to `unspecified` when unset during creation.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `l3out` (String) Name of L3Out being created.
- `l3protocol` (String) Routing protocol for the L3Out. Protocols already associated with an l3out must be provided again when the l3out is modified if the associated protocols are to be kept. The Protocols are otherwise deleted if not provided each time an l3out is modified. First example, to add BGP protocol to an l3out with OSPF protocol, the user must enter `[ bgp, ospf ]` even though "ospf" was provided before. Second example, to change the protocol from OSPF to EIGRP, the user must simply enter `[ eigrp ]` and the previous OSPF protocol will be deleted. To remove all existing protocols, the user must enter `[ static ]`. SR-MPLS Infra L3out requires the l3protocol to be 'bgp'.
- `mpls` (String) Indicate whether MPLS (Multi-Protocol Label Switching) is enabled or not. The APIC defaults to `no` when unset during creation. SR-MPLS is only supported in APIC v5.0 and above. The child classes `mplsExtP`, `mplsRsLabelPol` and `l3extProvLbl` will be displayed in output only when `yes`.
- `name_alias` (String) The alias for the current object. This relates to the nameAlias field in ACI.
- `ospf` (String) Parameters for the OSPF protocol.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `route_control` (String) Route Control enforcement direction. The only allowed values are export or import,export. The APIC defaults to `export` when unset during creation.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `present` or `absent` for adding or removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tenant` (String) Name of an existing tenant.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vrf` (String) Name of the VRF being associated with the L3Out. SR-MPLS Infra L3out requires the VRF to be 'overlay-1'.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `current` (String) The existing configuration from the APIC after the module has finished
- `error` (String) The error information as returned from the APIC
- `filter_string` (String) The filter string used for the request
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `method` (String) The HTTP method used for the request to the APIC
- `previous` (String) The original configuration from the APIC before the module has started
- `proposed` (String) The assembled configuration from the user-provided parameters
- `raw` (String) The raw output returned by the APIC REST API (xml or json)
- `response` (String) The HTTP response from the APIC
- `sent` (String) The actual/minimal configuration pushed to the APIC
- `status` (Number) The HTTP status from the APIC
- `url` (String) The HTTP url used for the request to the APIC
