---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_ucs_ucs_vhba_template Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_ucs_ucs_vhba_template (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the virtual HBA template. This name can be between 1 and 16 alphanumeric characters. You cannot use spaces or any special characters other than - (hyphen), "_" (underscore), : (colon), and . (period). You cannot change this name after the template is created.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A user-defined description of the template. Enter up to 256 characters. You can use any characters or spaces except the following: ` (accent mark),  (backslash), ^ (carat), " (double quote), = (equal sign), > (greater than), < (less than), or ' (single quote).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `fabric` (String) The Fabric ID field. The name of the fabric interconnect that vHBAs created with this template are associated with.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `max_data` (String) The Max Data Field Size field. The maximum size of the Fibre Channel frame payload bytes that the vHBA supports. Enter an string between '256' and '2112'.
- `org_dn` (String) Org dn (distinguished name)
- `pin_group` (String) The SAN pin group that is associated with vHBAs created from this template.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `qos_policy` (String) The QoS policy that is associated with vHBAs created from this template.
- `redundancy_type` (String) The Redundancy Type used for template pairing from the Primary or Secondary redundancy template. primary — Creates configurations that can be shared with the Secondary template. Any other shared changes on the Primary template are automatically synchronized to the Secondary template. secondary — All shared configurations are inherited from the Primary template. none - Legacy vHBA template behavior. Select this option if you do not want to use redundancy.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If `present`, will verify vHBA templates are present and will create if needed. If `absent`, will verify vHBA templates are absent and will delete if needed.
- `stats_policy` (String) The statistics collection policy that is associated with vHBAs created from this template.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template_type` (String) The Template Type field. This can be one of the following: initial-template — vHBAs created from this template are not updated if the template changes. updating-template - vHBAs created from this template are updated if the template changes.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vsan` (String) The VSAN to associate with vHBAs created from this template.
- `wwpn_pool` (String) The WWPN pool that a vHBA created from this template uses to derive its WWPN address.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
