---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_license_device_license_summary_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_license_device_license_summary_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device_type` (String) Device_type query parameter. Type of device.
- `device_uuid` (String) Device_uuid query parameter. Id of device.
- `dna_level` (String) Dna_level query parameter. Device Cisco DNA license level.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `limit` (Number) Limit query parameter. Specifies the maximum number of device license summaries to return per page. Must be an integer between 1 and 500, inclusive.
- `order` (String) Order query parameter. Sorting order.
- `page_number` (Number) Page_number query parameter. Page number of response.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `registration_status` (String) Registration_status query parameter. Smart license registration status of device.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `smart_account_id` (Number) Smart_account_id query parameter. Id of smart account.
- `sort_by` (String) Sort_by query parameter. Sort result by field.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `virtual_account_name` (String) Virtual_account_name query parameter. Name of virtual account.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
