---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_mso_ndo_interface_setting Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_mso_ndo_interface_setting (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `template` (String) The name of the template. The template must be a fabric policy template.

### Optional

- `access_macsec_policy` (String) The access MACsec policy. The value is available only when the mcp_admin_state is `enabled`. The MACsec policy must be defined in the same fabric policy template.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_negotiation` (String) The auto negotiation state of the port(s) in the interface policy group. The default value is `on`.
- `cdp_admin_state` (String) The CDP admin state enables Cisco Discovery Protocol (CDP) on the interface. The default value is `disabled`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `controls` (String) The port-channel control flags of the interface policy group. The default value is `fast_sel_hot_stdby`, `graceful_conv`, `susp_individual`. The value is available only when the interface_type is `port_channel`. Providing an empty list will remove the `controls` from the interface policy. The old `controls` will be replaced by the new entries during an update.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the interface policy group.
- `domains` (String) The domains with which you want to associate this interface policy. The domains must be defined in the same fabric policy template. The old `domains` will be replaced by the new entries during an update. Providing an empty list will remove the `domains` from the interface policy.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interface_type` (String) The type of the interface policy group. This parameter is required when interface policy group needs to be created or updated.
- `l2_interface_qinq` (String) The QinQ state for the port(s) in the interface policy group to define how to map double-tagged VLAN traffic. The default value is `disabled`.
- `l2_interface_reflective_relay` (String) Enables or disables reflective relay (802.1Qbg) to forward traffic back to the destination or target. The term Virtual Ethernet Port Aggregator (VEPA) is also used to describe 802.1Qbg functionality. The default value is `disabled`.
- `link_level_bring_up_delay` (Number) The time in milliseconds that the decision feedback equalizer (DFE) tuning is delayed when a port is coming up. The default value is 0. The value must be an integer between 0 and 10000.
- `link_level_debounce_interval` (Number) The debounce interval of the link level in milliseconds. The default value is 100. The value must be an integer between 0 and 5000.
- `link_level_fec` (String) The type of Forwarding Error Correction (FEC) used by the port(s) in the interface policy group. The default value is `inherit`.
- `lldp` (String) The Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP) configuration of the interface policy group.
- `llfc_receive_state` (String) The LLFC receive state allows LLFC packets to be received by the interface. The default value is `disabled`.
- `llfc_transmit_state` (String) The LLFC transmit state allows Link Level Flow Control (LLFC) packets to be sent from the interface. The default value is `disabled`.
- `load_balance_hashing` (String) The IP header information used by the port-channel load balance hashing algorithm of the interface policy group. The value is available only when the interface_type is `port_channel`.
- `max_links` (Number) The maximum number of links in a port-channel of the interface policy group. The default value is 16. The value must be between 1 and 64. The value is available only when the interface_type is `port_channel`.
- `mcp` (String) The MisCabling Protocol (MCP) settings.
- `min_links` (Number) The minimum number of active links in a port-channel of the interface policy group. The default value is 1. The value must be between 1 and 16. The value is available only when the interface_type is `port_channel`.
- `name` (String) The name of the interface policy group.
- `pfc_admin_state` (String) The Priority Flow Control (PFC) admin state. The default value is `auto`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port_channel_mode` (String) The port channel mode of the interface policy group. The default value is `static_channel_mode_on`. The value is available only when the interface_type is `port_channel`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `speed` (String) The port speed for the port(s) associated with the interface policy group. The default value is `inherit`.
- `state` (String) Use `absent` for removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects. Use `present` for creating or updating.
- `stp_bpdu_filter` (String) Enabling the Bridge Protocol Data Unit (BPDU) filter prevents any BPDUs on the port(s) in the interface policy group by filtering the BPDUs. Disabling the BPDU filter allows BPDUs to be received on the port. The default value is `disabled`.
- `stp_bpdu_guard` (String) Enabling the STP BPDU guard shutdown the port(s) by placing them in 'error-disable' mode when BPDUs are received. Disabling the STP BPDU guard allows BPDUs to be received on the port. The default value is `disabled`.
- `synce` (String) The syncE policy assigned to the interface policy group. The syncE policy must be defined in the same fabric policy template.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the interface policy group. This parameter is required when the `name` attribute needs to be updated.
- `vlan_scope` (String) The scope of the VLAN encapsulation of the port(s) in the interface policy group. The default value is `global`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
