---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_aci_aci_interface_policy_leaf_policy_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_aci_aci_interface_policy_leaf_policy_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `lag_type` (String) Selector for the type of leaf interface policy group. `leaf` for Leaf Access Port Policy Group `link` for Port Channel (PC) `node` for Virtual Port Channel (VPC)

### Optional

- `aep` (String) The name of the attached entity profile (AEP) used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cdp_policy` (String) The name of the cdp policy used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `copp_policy` (String) The name of the copp policy used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the leaf interface policy group.
- `dwdm` (String) The name of the dwdm used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `egress_data_plane_policing_policy` (String) The name of the egress data plane policing policy used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fibre_channel_interface_policy` (String) The name of the fibre channel interface policy used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ingress_data_plane_policing_policy` (String) The name of the ingress data plane policing policy used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `l2_interface_policy` (String) The name of the l2 interface policy used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `link_flap_policy` (String) The name of the link flap policy used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `link_level_flow_control` (String) The name of the link level flow control used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `link_level_policy` (String) The name of the link level policy used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `lldp_policy` (String) The name of the lldp policy used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `mac_sec_interface_policy` (String) The name of the mac sec interface policy used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `mcp_policy` (String) The name of the mcp policy used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `monitoring_policy` (String) The name of the monitoring policy used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `name_alias` (String) The alias for the current object. This relates to the nameAlias field in ACI.
- `poe_interface_policy` (String) The name of the poe interface policy used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `policy_group` (String) The name of the leaf interface policy group.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port_authentication` (String) The name of the port authentication used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `port_channel_policy` (String) The name of the port channel policy used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `port_security_policy` (String) The name of the port security policy used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `priority_flow_control_policy` (String) The name of the priority flow control policy used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `slow_drain_policy` (String) The name of the slow drain policy used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `state` (String) Use `present` or `absent` for adding or removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects.
- `storm_control_interface_policy` (String) The name of the storm control interface policy used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `stp_interface_policy` (String) The name of the stp interface policy used by the leaf interface policy group.
- `sync_e_interface_policy` (String) The name of the syncE interface policy used by the leaf interface policy group. Only availavle in APIC version 5.2 or later.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `transceiver_policy` (String) The name of the transceiver policy used by the leaf interface policy group. Only availavle in APIC version 6.0(2h) or later.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `current` (String) The existing configuration from the APIC after the module has finished
- `error` (String) The error information as returned from the APIC
- `filter_string` (String) The filter string used for the request
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `method` (String) The HTTP method used for the request to the APIC
- `previous` (String) The original configuration from the APIC before the module has started
- `proposed` (String) The assembled configuration from the user-provided parameters
- `raw` (String) The raw output returned by the APIC REST API (xml or json)
- `response` (String) The HTTP response from the APIC
- `sent` (String) The actual/minimal configuration pushed to the APIC
- `status` (Number) The HTTP status from the APIC
- `url` (String) The HTTP url used for the request to the APIC
