---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_tag_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_tag_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `additionalInfo_attributes` (String) AdditionalInfo.attributes query parameter.
- `additionalInfo_nameSpace` (String) AdditionalInfo.nameSpace query parameter.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `field` (String) Field query parameter. Available field names are 'name,id,parentId,type,additionalInfo.nameSpace,additionalInfo.attributes'.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `level` (String) Level query parameter.
- `limit` (Number) Limit query parameter. The number of tags to be retrieved. If not specified, the default is 500. The maximum allowed limit is 500.
- `name` (String) Name query parameter. Tag name is mandatory when filter operation is used.
- `offset` (Number) Offset query parameter.
- `order` (String) Order query parameter. Available values are asc and des.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `size` (String) Size query parameter. Size in kilobytes(KB).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sortBy` (String) SortBy query parameter. Only supported attribute is name. SortyBy is mandatory when order is used.
- `systemTag` (String) SystemTag query parameter.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
