---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_api_requests_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_api_requests_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `adminId` (String) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Info. AdminId query parameter. Filter the results by the ID of the admin who made the API requests.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `endingBefore` (String) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Info. EndingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `method` (String) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Info. Method query parameter. Filter the results by the method of the API requests (must be 'GET', 'PUT', 'POST' or 'DELETE').
- `operationIds` (String) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Info. OperationIds query parameter. Filter the results by one or more operation IDs for the API request.
- `organizationId` (String) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Info. OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `path` (String) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Info. Path query parameter. Filter the results by the path of the API requests.
- `perPage` (Number) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Info. PerPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 - 1000. Default is 50.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `responseCode` (Number) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Info. ResponseCode query parameter. Filter the results by the response code of the API requests.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sourceIp` (String) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Info. SourceIp query parameter. Filter the results by the IP address of the originating API request.
- `startingAfter` (String) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Info. StartingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `t0` (String) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Info. T0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 31 days from today.
- `t1` (String) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Info. T1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. T1 can be a maximum of 31 days after t0.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timespan` (Number) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Info. Timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 31 days. The default is 31 days.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `userAgent` (String) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Info. UserAgent query parameter. Filter the results by the user agent string of the API request.
- `version` (Number) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Info. Version query parameter. Filter the results by the API version of the API request.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
