---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_aci_aci_interface_policy_pim Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_aci_aci_interface_policy_pim (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authentication_key` (String) The authentication key.
- `authentication_type` (String) The authentication type.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `control_state` (String) The PIM interface policy control state. This is a list of one or more of the following controls: `multicast_domain_boundary` -- Boundary of Multicast domain. `strict_rfc_compliant` -- Only listen to PIM protocol packets. `passive` -- Do not send/receive PIM protocol packets.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the PIM interface policy.
- `designated_router_delay` (Number) The PIM designated router delay. Accepted values range between `1` and `65535`. The APIC defaults to `3` when unset during creation.
- `designated_router_priority` (Number) The PIM designated router priority. Accepted values range between `1` and `4294967295`. The APIC defaults to `1` when unset during creation.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hello_interval` (Number) The time interval in seconds between hello packets that PIM sends on the interface. The smaller the hello interval, the faster topological changes will be detected, but more routing traffic will ensue. Accepted values range between `1` and `18724286`. The APIC defaults to `30000` when unset during creation.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `inbound_join_prune_filter_policy` (String) The interface-level inbound join/prune filter policy. The `cisco.aci.aci_pim_route_map_policy` can be used for this. To delete it, pass an empty string.
- `join_prune_interval` (Number) The join prune interval in seconds. Accepted values range between `60` and `65520`. The APIC defaults to `60` when unset during creation.
- `name_alias` (String) The alias for the current object. This relates to the nameAlias field in ACI.
- `neighbor_filter_policy` (String) The Interface-level neighbor filter policy. The `cisco.aci.aci_pim_route_map_policy` can be used for this. To delete it, pass an empty string.
- `outbound_join_prune_filter_policy` (String) The interface-level outbound join/prune filter policy. The `cisco.aci.aci_pim_route_map_policy` can be used for this. To delete it, pass an empty string.
- `pim` (String) The PIM interface policy name. The name cannot be changed after the object has been created.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `present` or `absent` for adding or removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tenant` (String) The name of an existing Tenant.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `current` (String) The existing configuration from the APIC after the module has finished
- `error` (String) The error information as returned from the APIC
- `filter_string` (String) The filter string used for the request
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `method` (String) The HTTP method used for the request to the APIC
- `previous` (String) The original configuration from the APIC before the module has started
- `proposed` (String) The assembled configuration from the user-provided parameters
- `raw` (String) The raw output returned by the APIC REST API (xml or json)
- `response` (String) The HTTP response from the APIC
- `sent` (String) The actual/minimal configuration pushed to the APIC
- `status` (Number) The HTTP status from the APIC
- `url` (String) The HTTP url used for the request to the APIC
