---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_sda_fabric_virtual_networks_workflow_manager Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_sda_fabric_virtual_networks_workflow_manager (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (String) A list containing detailed configurations for creating, updating, or deleting fabric sites/zones in a Software-Defined Access (SDA) environment. It also includes specifications for updating the authentication profile template for these sites. Each element in the list represents a specific operation to be performed on the SDA infrastructure, such as the addition, modification, or removal of fabric sites/zones, and modifications to authentication profiles.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config_verify` (Boolean) Set to True to verify the Cisco Catalyst Center config after applying the playbook config.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `sda_fabric_gateway_limit` (Number) Sets the maximum number of anycast gateways that can be created or updated at a time via the SDA API, aligning with GUI constraints. The default is 20, as the GUI allows creating up to 20 anycast gateways at a time.
- `sda_fabric_vlan_limit` (Number) Sets the maximum number of fabric VLANs that can be created or updated at a time via the SDA API, aligning with GUI constraints. The default is 20, as the GUI allows creating up to 20 fabric VLANs at a time.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of Cisco Catalyst Center after module completion.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Catalyst Center Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
