---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_wireless_controllers_wireless_mobility_groups_mobility_provision Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_wireless_controllers_wireless_mobility_groups_mobility_provision (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `dataLinkEncryption` (Boolean) A secure link in which data is encrypted using CAPWAP DTLS protocol can be established between two controllers. This value will be applied to all peers during POST operation.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dtlsHighCipher` (Boolean) DTLS High Cipher.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `macAddress` (String) Device mobility MAC Address. Allowed formats are 0a0b.0c01.0211, 0a0b0c010211, 0a 0b 0c 01 02 11.
- `managementIp` (String) Self device wireless Management IP.
- `mobilityGroupName` (String) Self device Group Name. Must be alphanumeric without {!,<,space,?/'} and maximum of 31 characters.
- `mobilityPeers` (String) Wireless Controllers Wireless Mobility Groups Mobility Provision's mobilityPeers.
- `networkDeviceId` (String) Obtain the network device ID value by using the API call GET /dna/intent/api/v1/network-device/ip-...
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
