---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_images_count_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_images_count_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `golden` (String) Golden query parameter. When set to `true`, it will retrieve the images marked tagged golden. When set to `false`, it will retrieve the images marked not tagged golden.
- `hasAddonImages` (Boolean) HasAddonImages query parameter. When set to `true`, it will retrieve the images which have add-on images. When set to `false`, it will retrieve the images which do not have add-on images.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `imported` (Boolean) Imported query parameter. When the value is set to `true`, it will include physically imported images. Conversely, when the value is set to `false`, it will include image records from the cloud. The identifier for cloud images can be utilised to download images from Cisco.com to the disk.
- `integrity` (String) Integrity query parameter. Filter with verified images using Integrity Verification Available values UNKNOWN, VERIFIED.
- `isAddonImages` (Boolean) IsAddonImages query parameter. When set to `true`, it will retrieve the images that an add-on image. When set to `false`, it will retrieve the images that are not add-on images.
- `name` (String) Name query parameter. Filter with software image or add-on name. Supports partial case-insensitive search. A minimum of 3 characters is required for the search.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `productNameOrdinal` (Number) ProductNameOrdinal query parameter. The product name ordinal is a unique value for each network device product. The productNameOrdinal can be obtained from the response of the API `/dna/intent/api/v1/siteWiseProductNames`.
- `siteId` (String) SiteId query parameter. Site identifier to get the list of all available products under the site. The default value is the global site. See https //developer.cisco.com/docs/dna-center/get-site for siteId.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `supervisorProductNameOrdinal` (Number) SupervisorProductNameOrdinal query parameter. The supervisor engine module ordinal is a unique value for each supervisor module. The `supervisorProductNameOrdinal` can be obtained from the response of API `/dna/intent/api/v1/siteWiseProductNames`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `version` (String) Version query parameter. Filter with image version. Supports partial case-insensitive search. A minimum of 3 characters is required for the search.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
