---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_network_device_replacements_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_network_device_replacements_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `family` (String) Family query parameter. Faulty device family.
- `faultyDeviceName` (String) FaultyDeviceName query parameter. Faulty device name.
- `faultyDevicePlatform` (String) FaultyDevicePlatform query parameter. Faulty device platform.
- `faultyDeviceSerialNumber` (String) FaultyDeviceSerialNumber query parameter. Faulty device serial number.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `limit` (Number) Limit query parameter. The number of records to show for this page. Maximum value can be 500.
- `offset` (Number) Offset query parameter. The first record to show for this page; the first record is numbered 1.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `replacementDevicePlatform` (String) ReplacementDevicePlatform query parameter. Replacement device platform.
- `replacementDeviceSerialNumber` (String) ReplacementDeviceSerialNumber query parameter. Replacement device serial number.
- `replacementStatus` (String) ReplacementStatus query parameter. Device replacement status. Available values MARKED_FOR_REPLACEMENT, NETWORK_READINESS_REQUESTED, NETWORK_READINESS_FAILED, READY_FOR_REPLACEMENT, REPLACEMENT_SCHEDULED, REPLACEMENT_IN_PROGRESS, REPLACED, ERROR. Replacement status 'MARKED_FOR_REPLACEMENT' - The faulty device has been marked for replacement. 'NETWORK_READINESS_REQUESTED' - Initiated steps to shut down neighboring device interfaces and create a DHCP server on the uplink neighbor if the faulty device is part of a fabric setup. 'NETWORK_READINESS_FAILED' - Preparation of the network failed. Neighboring device interfaces were not shut down, and the DHCP server on the uplink neighbor was not created. 'READY_FOR_REPLACEMENT' - The network is prepared for the faulty device replacement. Neighboring device interfaces are shut down, and the DHCP server on the uplink neighbor is set up. 'REPLACEMENT_SCHEDULED' - Device replacement has been scheduled. 'REPLACEMENT_IN_PROGRESS' - Device replacement is currently in progress. 'REPLACED' - Device replacement was successful. 'ERROR' - Device replacement has failed.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sortBy` (String) SortBy query parameter. A property within the response to sort by. Available values id, creationTime, family, faultyDeviceId, fautyDeviceName, faultyDevicePlatform, faultyDeviceSerialNumber, replacementDevicePlatform, replacementDeviceSerialNumber, replacementTime.
- `sortOrder` (String) SortOrder query parameter. Whether ascending or descending order should be used to sort the response. Available values ASC, DESC.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
