---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_meraki_snmp Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_meraki_snmp (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `access` (String) Type of SNMP access.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `community_string` (String) SNMP community string. Only relevant if `access` is set to `community`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `net_id` (String) ID of network.
- `net_name` (String) Name of network.
- `peer_ips` (String) List of IP addresses which can perform SNMP queries.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specifies whether SNMP information should be queried or modified.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `users` (String) Information about users with access to SNMP. Only relevant if `access` is set to `users`.
- `v2c_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether SNMPv2c is enabled.
- `v3_auth_mode` (String) Sets authentication mode for SNMPv3.
- `v3_auth_pass` (String) Authentication password for SNMPv3. Must be at least 8 characters long.
- `v3_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether SNMPv3 is enabled.
- `v3_priv_mode` (String) Specifies privacy mode for SNMPv3.
- `v3_priv_pass` (String) Privacy password for SNMPv3. Must be at least 8 characters long.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) Information about SNMP settings.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
