---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_snmp Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_snmp (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `organizationId` (String) OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `peerIps` (String) The list of IPv4 addresses that are allowed to access the SNMP server.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `v2cEnabled` (Boolean) Boolean indicating whether SNMP version 2c is enabled for the organization.
- `v3AuthMode` (String) The SNMP version 3 authentication mode. Can be either 'MD5' or 'SHA'.
- `v3AuthPass` (String) The SNMP version 3 authentication password. Must be at least 8 characters if specified.
- `v3Enabled` (Boolean) Boolean indicating whether SNMP version 3 is enabled for the organization.
- `v3PrivMode` (String) The SNMP version 3 privacy mode. Can be either 'DES' or 'AES128'.
- `v3PrivPass` (String) The SNMP version 3 privacy password. Must be at least 8 characters if specified.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
