---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_wireless_design_workflow_manager Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_wireless_design_workflow_manager (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (String) A list containing configurations for managing SSIDs, Interfaces, Power Profiles, RF Profiles, AP Profiles, and Anchor Groups in Cisco Catalyst Center. Guidelines for Update Operations - SSIDs - No need to provide the entire target SSID configuration; updates are handled automatically. - Interfaces - Must provide the complete configuration for the specific interfaces being updated. - Power Profiles - Required to specify the exact configuration for the power profiles being updated. - AP Profiles - No need to provide the full configuration; updates are managed as needed. - RF Profiles - Similar to AP profiles, full configurations are not required for updates. - Anchor Groups - Must provide the complete configuration for the anchor groups being updated.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config_verify` (Boolean) Set to true to verify the Cisco Catalyst Center configuration after applying the playbook configuration.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The desired state of Cisco Catalyst Center after module execution.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `response_1` (String) A dictionary with  with the response returned by the Cisco Catalyst Center Python SDK
- `response_2` (String) A string with the response returned by the Cisco Catalyst Center Python SDK
