---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_mso_mso_schema_template_external_epg Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_mso_mso_schema_template_external_epg (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `schema` (String) The name of the schema.
- `template` (String) The name of the template.

### Optional

- `anp` (String) The anp associated with the external epg.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of external EPG is supported on versions of MSO that are 3.3 or greater.
- `display_name` (String) The name as displayed on the MSO web interface.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `external_epg` (String) The name of the external EPG to manage.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `l3out` (String) The L3Out associated with the external epg.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `preferred_group` (Boolean) Preferred Group is enabled for this External EPG or not.
- `qos_level` (String) The QoS Level parameter is supported on versions of MSO/NDO that are 4.3 or greater. Defaults to `unspecified` when unset during creation.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `present` or `absent` for adding or removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The type of external epg. anp needs to be associated with external epg when the type is cloud. l3out can be associated with external epg when the type is on-premise.
- `vrf` (String) The VRF associated with the external epg.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
