---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_devices_packet_capture_captures Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_devices_packet_capture_captures (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `advanced` (String) Advanced filters for IOSXE devices (supported for Campus Gateway devices only).
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `captureId` (String) CaptureId path parameter. Capture ID.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `destination` (String) Destination of packet capture file. Possible values upload_to_cloud.
- `duration` (Number) Duration in seconds of packet capture.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filterExpression` (String) Filter expression for packet capture.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interface` (String) Interface of the device.
- `name` (String) Name of packet capture file.
- `notes` (String) Reason for taking the packet capture.
- `organizationId` (String) OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `outputType` (String) Output type of packet capture file. Possible values text, pcap, cloudshark, or upload_to_cloud.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `ports` (String) Ports of packet capture file, comma-separated.
- `serials` (String) The serial(s) of the device(s).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
