---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_ucs_ucs_wwn_pool Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_ucs_ucs_wwn_pool (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the World Wide Node Name (WWNN) or World Wide Port Name (WWPN) pool. This name can be between 1 and 32 alphanumeric characters. You cannot use spaces or any special characters other than - (hyphen), "_" (underscore), : (colon), and . (period). You cannot change this name after the WWNN or WWPN pool is created.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A description of the WWNN or WWPN pool. Enter up to 256 characters. You can use any characters or spaces except the following: ` (accent mark),  (backslash), ^ (carat), " (double quote), = (equal sign), > (greater than), < (less than), or ' (single quote).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `first_addr` (String) The first initiator in the World Wide Name (WWN) block. This is the From field in the UCS Manager Add WWN Blocks menu.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `last_addr` (String) The last initiator in the World Wide Name (WWN) block. This is the To field in the UCS Manager Add WWN Blocks menu. For WWxN pools, the pool size must be a multiple of ports-per-node + 1. For example, if there are 7 ports per node, the pool size must be a multiple of 8. If there are 63 ports per node, the pool size must be a multiple of 64.
- `order` (String) The Assignment Order field. This can be one of the following: default - Cisco UCS Manager selects a random identity from the pool. sequential - Cisco UCS Manager selects the lowest available identity from the pool.
- `org_dn` (String) Org dn (distinguished name)
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purpose` (String) Specify whether this is a node (WWNN) or port (WWPN) pool. Optional if state is absent.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If `present`, will verify WWNNs/WWPNs are present and will create if needed. If `absent`, will verify WWNNs/WWPNs are absent and will delete if needed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
