---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_meraki_mx_l2_interface Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_meraki_mx_l2_interface (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `access_policy` (String) The name of the policy. Only applicable to access ports.
- `allowed_vlans` (String) Comma-delimited list of the VLAN ID's allowed on the port, or 'all' to permit all VLAN's on the port.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `drop_untagged_traffic` (Boolean) Trunk port can Drop all Untagged traffic. When true, no VLAN is required. Access ports cannot have dropUntaggedTraffic set to true.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled state of port.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `net_id` (String) ID number of a network.
- `net_name` (String) Name of a network.
- `number` (Number) ID number of MX port.
- `org_id` (String) ID of organization associated to a network.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port_type` (String) Type of port.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Modify or query an port.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vlan` (Number) Native VLAN when the port is in Trunk mode. Access VLAN when the port is in Access mode.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) Information about the created or manipulated object.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
