---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_sites_site_id_wireless_settings_ssids_id_update Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_sites_site_id_wireless_settings_ssids_id_update (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `aaaOverride` (Boolean) Activate the AAA Override feature when set to true.
- `acctServers` (String) List of Accounting server IpAddresses.
- `aclName` (String) Pre-Auth Access Control List (ACL) Name.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authServer` (String) For Guest SSIDs ('wlanType' is 'Guest' and 'l3AuthType' is 'web_auth'), the Authentication Server('authServer') is mandatory. Otherwise, it defaults to 'auth_external'.
- `authServers` (String) List of Authentication/Authorization server IpAddresses.
- `authType` (String) L2 Authentication Type (If authType is not open , then atleast one RSN Cipher Suite and corresponding valid AKM must be enabled).
- `basicServiceSetClientIdleTimeout` (Number) This refers to the duration of inactivity, measured in seconds, before a client connected to the Basic Service Set is considered idle and timed out. Default is Basic ServiceSet ClientIdle Timeout if exists else 300. If it needs to be disabled , pass 0 as its value else valid range is 15 to 100000.
- `basicServiceSetMaxIdleEnable` (Boolean) Activate the maximum idle feature for the Basic Service Set.
- `cckmTsfTolerance` (Number) The default value is the Cckm Timestamp Tolerance (in milliseconds, if specified); otherwise, it is 0.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clientExclusionEnable` (Boolean) Activate the feature that allows for the exclusion of clients.
- `clientExclusionTimeout` (Number) This refers to the length of time, in seconds, a client is excluded or blocked from accessing the network after a specified number of unsuccessful attempts.
- `clientRateLimit` (Number) This pertains to the maximum data transfer rate, specified in bits per second, that a client is permitted to achieve.
- `coverageHoleDetectionEnable` (Boolean) Activate Coverage Hole Detection feature when set to true.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `directedMulticastServiceEnable` (Boolean) The Directed Multicast Service feature becomes operational when it is set to true.
- `egressQos` (String) Egress QOS.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `externalAuthIpAddress` (String) External WebAuth URL (Mandatory for Guest SSIDs with wlanType = Guest, l3AuthType = web_auth and authServer = auth_external).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fastTransition` (String) Fast Transition.
- `fastTransitionOverTheDistributedSystemEnable` (Boolean) Enable Fast Transition over the Distributed System when set to true.
- `ghz24Policy` (String) 2.4 Ghz Band Policy value. Allowed only when 2.4 Radio Band is enabled in ssidRadioType.
- `ghz6PolicyClientSteering` (Boolean) True if 6 GHz Policy Client Steering is enabled, else False.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ingressQos` (String) Ingress QOS.
- `isApBeaconProtectionEnabled` (Boolean) When set to true, the Access Point (AP) Beacon Protection feature is activated, enhancing the security of the network.
- `isAuthKey8021x` (Boolean) When set to true, the 802.1X authentication key is in use.
- `isAuthKey8021xPlusFT` (Boolean) When set to true, the 802.1X-Plus-FT authentication key is in use.
- `isAuthKey8021x_SHA256` (Boolean) When set to true, the feature that enables 802.1X authentication using the SHA256 algorithm is turned on.
- `isAuthKeyEasyPSK` (Boolean) When set to true, the feature that enables the use of Easy Pre-shared Key (PSK) authentication is activated.
- `isAuthKeyOWE` (Boolean) When set to true, the Opportunistic Wireless Encryption (OWE) authentication key feature is turned on.
- `isAuthKeyPSK` (Boolean) When set to true, the Pre-shared Key (PSK) authentication feature is enabled.
- `isAuthKeyPSKPlusFT` (Boolean) When set to true, the feature that enables the combination of Pre-shared Key (PSK) and Fast Transition (FT) authentication keys is activated.
- `isAuthKeyPSKSHA256` (Boolean) The feature that allows the use of Pre-shared Key (PSK) authentication with the SHA256 algorithm is enabled when it is set to true.
- `isAuthKeySae` (Boolean) When set to true, the feature enabling the Simultaneous Authentication of Equals (SAE) authentication key is activated.
- `isAuthKeySaeExt` (Boolean) When set to true, the Simultaneous Authentication of Equals (SAE) Extended Authentication key feature is turned on.
- `isAuthKeySaeExtPlusFT` (Boolean) When set to true, the Simultaneous Authentication of Equals (SAE) combined with Fast Transition (FT) Authentication Key feature is enabled.
- `isAuthKeySaePlusFT` (Boolean) Activating this setting by switching it to true turns on the authentication key feature that supports both Simultaneous Authentication of Equals (SAE) and Fast Transition (FT).
- `isAuthKeySuiteB1921x` (Boolean) When set to true, the SuiteB192-1x authentication key feature is enabled.
- `isAuthKeySuiteB1x` (Boolean) When activated by setting it to true, the SuiteB-1x authentication key feature is engaged.
- `isBroadcastSSID` (Boolean) When activated by setting it to true, the Broadcast SSID feature will make the SSID publicly visible to wireless devices searching for available networks.
- `isCckmEnabled` (Boolean) True if CCKM is enabled, else False.
- `isEnabled` (Boolean) Set SSID's admin status as 'Enabled' when set to true.
- `isFastLaneEnabled` (Boolean) True if FastLane is enabled, else False.
- `isHex` (Boolean) True if passphrase is in Hex format, else False.
- `isMacFilteringEnabled` (Boolean) When set to true, MAC Filtering will be activated, allowing control over network access based on the MAC address of the device.
- `isPosturingEnabled` (Boolean) Applicable only for Enterprise SSIDs. When set to True, Posturing will enabled. Required to be set to True if ACL needs to be mapped for Enterprise SSID.
- `isRadiusProfilingEnabled` (String)
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
