---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_networks_combine Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_networks_combine (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enrollmentString` (String) A unique identifier which can be used for device enrollment or easy access through the Meraki SM Registration page or the Self Service Portal. Please note that changing this field may cause existing bookmarks to break. All networks that are part of this combined network will have their enrollment string appended by '-network_type'. If left empty, all exisitng enrollment strings will be deleted.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The name of the combined network.
- `networkIds` (String) A list of the network IDs that will be combined. If an ID of a combined network is included in this list, the other networks in the list will be grouped into that network.
- `organizationId` (String) OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
