---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_mso_ndo_l3out_template Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_mso_ndo_l3out_template (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `template` (String) The name of the L3Out template.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attached_host_route_redistribution` (String) The name of the Route Map Policy for Route Control that needs to be associated with Attached Host Route Redistribution route map. Providing an empty string will remove the `attached_host_route_redistribution=""` from the L3Out.
- `bgp` (String) The BGP routing protocol configuration of the L3Out.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connected_route_redistribution` (String) The name of the Route Map Policy for Route Control that needs to be associated with Connected Route Redistribution route map. Providing an empty string will remove the `connected_route_redistribution=""` from the L3Out.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the L3Out. Providing an empty string will remove the `description=""` from the L3Out.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interleak` (String) The name of the Route Map Policy for Route Control that needs to be associated with Interleak route map. Providing an empty string will remove the `interleak=""` from the L3Out.
- `l3_domain` (String) The name of the L3 Domain.
- `name` (String) The name of the L3Out.
- `ospf` (String) The OSPF routing protocol configuration of the L3Out.
- `pim` (Boolean) The protocol independent multicast (PIM) flag of the L3Out. By default, PIM is disabled. To enable the PIM, Layer 3 Multicast must be enabled on the `vrf`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `absent` for removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects. Use `present` for creating or updating.
- `static_route_redistribution` (String) The name of the Route Map Policy for Route Control that needs to be associated with Static Route Redistribution route map. Providing an empty string will remove the `static_route_redistribution=""` from the L3Out.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_dscp` (String) The DSCP Level of the L3Out.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the L3Out. This parameter is required when the L3Out `name` needs to be updated.
- `vrf` (String) The VRF associated with the L3Out.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
