---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_mso_mso_schema_template_external_epg_subnet Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_mso_mso_schema_template_external_epg_subnet (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `external_epg` (String) The name of the External EPG to manage.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `schema` (String) The name of the schema.
- `template` (String) The name of the template to change.

### Optional

- `aggregate` (String) The aggregate option aggregates shared routes for the subnet. Use `shared-rtctrl` to add Aggregate Shared Routes The `shared-rtctrl` option can only be used when scope parameter Shared Route Control in the Route Control section is selected.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The name of the External EPG Subnet.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `scope` (String) The scope parameter contains two sections 1. Route Control and 2. External EPG Classification. The existing Route Control parameters are `export-rtctrl` for Export Route Control, `import-rtctrl` for Import Route Control and `shared-rtctrl` for Shared Route Control The existing External EPG Classification parameters are `import-security` for External Subnets for External EPG and `shared-security` for Shared Security Import The  `shared-security` for Shared Security Import can only be used when External Subnets for External EPG is present
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `present` or `absent` for adding or removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects.
- `subnet` (String) The IP range in CIDR notation.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
