---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_switch_ports_topology_discovery_by_device_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_switch_ports_topology_discovery_by_device_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `configurationUpdatedAfter` (String) Information module for Organizations Switch Ports Topology Discovery By Device Info. ConfigurationUpdatedAfter query parameter. Optional parameter to filter items to switches where the configuration has been updated after the given timestamp.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `endingBefore` (String) Information module for Organizations Switch Ports Topology Discovery By Device Info. EndingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mac` (String) Information module for Organizations Switch Ports Topology Discovery By Device Info. Mac query parameter. Optional parameter to filter items to switches with MAC addresses that contain the search term or are an exact match.
- `macs` (String) Information module for Organizations Switch Ports Topology Discovery By Device Info. Macs query parameter. Optional parameter to filter items to switches that have one of the provided MAC addresses.
- `name` (String) Information module for Organizations Switch Ports Topology Discovery By Device Info. Name query parameter. Optional parameter to filter items to switches with names that contain the search term or are an exact match.
- `networkIds` (String) Information module for Organizations Switch Ports Topology Discovery By Device Info. NetworkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter items to switches in one of the provided networks.
- `organizationId` (String) Information module for Organizations Switch Ports Topology Discovery By Device Info. OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `perPage` (Number) Information module for Organizations Switch Ports Topology Discovery By Device Info. PerPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 - 20. Default is 10.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `portProfileIds` (String) Information module for Organizations Switch Ports Topology Discovery By Device Info. PortProfileIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter items to switches that contain switchports belonging to one of the specified port profiles.
- `serial` (String) Information module for Organizations Switch Ports Topology Discovery By Device Info. Serial query parameter. Optional parameter to filter items to switches with serial number that contains the search term or are an exact match.
- `serials` (String) Information module for Organizations Switch Ports Topology Discovery By Device Info. Serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter items to switches that have one of the provided serials.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startingAfter` (String) Information module for Organizations Switch Ports Topology Discovery By Device Info. StartingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `t0` (String) Information module for Organizations Switch Ports Topology Discovery By Device Info. T0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 31 days from today.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timespan` (Number) Information module for Organizations Switch Ports Topology Discovery By Device Info. Timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameter t0. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 31 days. The default is 1 day.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
