---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_clients_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_clients_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clientId` (String) Information module for Networks Clients Info. ClientId path parameter. Client ID.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Information module for Networks Clients Info. Description query parameter. Filters clients based on a partial or full match for the description field.
- `endingBefore` (String) Information module for Networks Clients Info. EndingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip` (String) Information module for Networks Clients Info. Ip query parameter. Filters clients based on a partial or full match for the ip address field.
- `ip6` (String) Information module for Networks Clients Info. Ip6 query parameter. Filters clients based on a partial or full match for the ip6 address field.
- `ip6Local` (String) Information module for Networks Clients Info. Ip6Local query parameter. Filters clients based on a partial or full match for the ip6Local address field.
- `mac` (String) Information module for Networks Clients Info. Mac query parameter. Filters clients based on a partial or full match for the mac address field.
- `namedVlan` (String) Information module for Networks Clients Info. NamedVlan query parameter. Filters clients based on the partial or full match for the named VLAN field.
- `networkId` (String) Information module for Networks Clients Info. NetworkId path parameter. Network ID.
- `os` (String) Information module for Networks Clients Info. Os query parameter. Filters clients based on a partial or full match for the os (operating system) field.
- `perPage` (Number) Information module for Networks Clients Info. PerPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 - 5000. Default is 10.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pskGroup` (String) Information module for Networks Clients Info. PskGroup query parameter. Filters clients based on partial or full match for the iPSK name field.
- `recentDeviceConnections` (String) Information module for Networks Clients Info. RecentDeviceConnections query parameter. Filters clients based on recent connection type. Can be one of 'Wired' or 'Wireless'.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startingAfter` (String) Information module for Networks Clients Info. StartingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `statuses` (String) Information module for Networks Clients Info. Statuses query parameter. Filters clients based on status. Can be one of 'Online' or 'Offline'.
- `t0` (String) Information module for Networks Clients Info. T0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 31 days from today.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timespan` (Number) Information module for Networks Clients Info. Timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameter t0. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 31 days. The default is 1 day.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vlan` (String) Information module for Networks Clients Info. Vlan query parameter. Filters clients based on the full match for the VLAN field.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
