---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_ucs_ucs_uuid_pool Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_ucs_ucs_uuid_pool (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the UUID pool. This name can be between 1 and 32 alphanumeric characters. You cannot use spaces or any special characters other than - (hyphen), "_" (underscore), : (colon), and . (period). You cannot change this name after the UUID pool is created.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The user-defined description of the UUID pool. Enter up to 256 characters. You can use any characters or spaces except the following: ` (accent mark),  (backslash), ^ (carat), " (double quote), = (equal sign), > (greater than), < (less than), or ' (single quote).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `first_uuid` (String) The first UUID in the block of UUIDs. This is the From field in the UCS Manager UUID Blocks menu.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `last_uuid` (String) The last UUID in the block of UUIDs. This is the To field in the UCS Manager Add UUID Blocks menu.
- `order` (String) The Assignment Order field. This can be one of the following: default - Cisco UCS Manager selects a random identity from the pool. sequential - Cisco UCS Manager selects the lowest available identity from the pool.
- `org_dn` (String) The distinguished name (dn) of the organization where the resource is assigned.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prefix` (String) UUID prefix used for the range of server UUIDs. If no value is provided, the system derived prefix will be used (equivalent to selecting 'derived' option in UI). If the user provides a value, the user provided prefix will be used (equivalent to selecting 'other' option in UI). A user provided value should be in the format XXXXXXXX-XXXX-XXXX.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If `present`, will verify UUID pool is present and will create if needed. If `absent`, will verify UUID pool is absent and will delete if needed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
