---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_mso_ndo_l3out_floating_svi_interface Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_mso_ndo_l3out_floating_svi_interface (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_state` (String) Whether to enable auto state on the interface. Controls whether the SVI comes up or down based on the state of its associated Layer 2 ports.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encapsulation_mode` (String) The encapsulation mode of the interface.
- `encapsulation_scope` (String) The encapsulation scope of the interface.
- `encapsulation_type` (String) The encapsulation type of the interface.
- `encapsulation_value` (Number) The encapsulation value of the interface. The option `encapsulation_type=vlan`, specifies VLAN ID which must be in the range 1 - 4094. The option `encapsulation_type=vxlan`, specifies VXLAN Network Identifier (VNI) which must be in the range 5000 - 16777215.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interface_group_policy` (String) The name of the interface group policy.
- `ipv4_address` (String) The IPv4 address of the interface.
- `ipv6_address` (String) The IPv6 address of the interface.
- `ipv6_dad` (String) Whether to enable IPv6 Duplicate Address Detection (DAD). If this parameter is unspecified, NDO defaults to `ipv6_dad=enabled`.
- `ipv6_link_local_address` (String) The IPv6 link-local address of the interface.
- `l3out` (String) The name of the L3Out. This parameter or `l3out_uuid` is required.
- `l3out_uuid` (String) The UUID of the L3Out. This parameter or `l3out` is required.
- `mac` (String) The MAC address of the interface.
- `mtu` (String) The Maximum Transmission Unit (MTU) of the interface. Use `mtu=inherit` to inherit the value configured under the fabric L2 MTU settings. The value must be 1, or in the range 576 - 9216 or `mtu=inherit`.
- `node_group_policy` (String) The name of the node group policy.
- `node_id` (String) The ID of the node (border leaf switch) where to deploy the L3Out routing protocol and node-level protocol configurations. When specified, the node configuration is created under the L3Out template when it does not exist. When specified, the node configuration is updated under the L3Out template when it already exists. When specified, the node configuration is deleted under the L3Out template when there are no interfaces referencing it.
- `node_loopback_ip` (String) The loopback IP address of the node.
- `node_router_id` (String) The router ID of the node. This parameter is required when the node configuration does not exist under the L3Out template.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Determines the desired state of the resource. Use `absent` to remove the resource. Use `query` to list the resource. Use `present` to create or update the resource.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_dscp` (String) The target Differentiated Services Code Point (DSCP) of the interface. If this parameter is unspecified, NDO defaults to `target_dscp=unspecified`.
- `template` (String) The name of the template. The template must be an L3Out template. This parameter or `template_id` is required.
- `template_id` (String) The ID of the L3Out template. This parameter or `template` is required.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_router_id_as_loopback` (Boolean) Whether to use the router ID as the loopback address of the node.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
