---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_sites_site_id_wireless_settings_flex_connect_aaa_override Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_sites_site_id_wireless_settings_flex_connect_aaa_override (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `payload` (String) Sites Site Id Wireless Settings Flex Connect Aaa Override's payload.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `removeOverrideInHierarchy` (Boolean) RemoveOverrideInHierarchy query parameter. If the siteId pertains to a Global or non-Global site (e.g., Global, Area, Building, or Floor) and removeOverrideInHierarchy is set to true, this API will remove the override from the specified siteId and any child sites for the same AAA Override VLAN. If removeOverrideInHierarchy is set to false, the API will only remove the override from the specified siteId only, leaving any overrides for the AAA Override VLAN at child sites unaffected.
- `siteId` (String) SiteId path parameter. Site Id.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
