---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_aci_aci_interface_policy_eigrp Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_aci_aci_interface_policy_eigrp (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bandwidth` (Number) The EIGRP bandwidth in kbps, overrides the bandwidth configured on an interface. This is used to influence path selection. Accepted values range between `0` and `2560000000`. The APIC defaults to `0` when unset during creation.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `control_state` (String) The interface policy control state. This is a list of one or more of the following controls: `bfd` -- Enable Bidirectional Forwarding Detection. `nexthop_self` -- Nexthop Self. `split_horizon` -- Split Horizon. `passive` -- The interface does not participate in the EIGRP protocol and will not establish adjacencies or send routing updates. The APIC defaults to `[split_horizon, nexthop_self]` when unset during creation.
- `delay` (Number) The EIGRP throughput delay, overrides the delay configured on an interface. This is used to influence path selection. The APIC defaults to `0` when unset during creation.
- `delay_unit` (String) The EIGRP delay units, Wide metrics can use picoseconds accuracy for delay. The APIC defaults to `tens_of_microseconds` when unset during creation.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the EIGRP interface policy.
- `eigrp` (String) The EIGRP interface policy name. Note that you cannot change this name after the object has been created.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hello_interval` (Number) The time interval in seconds between hello packets that EIGRP sends on the interface. The smaller the hello interval, the faster topological changes will be detected, but more routing traffic will ensue. Accepted values range between `1` and `65535`. The APIC defaults to `5` when unset during creation.
- `hold_interval` (Number) The time period of time in seconds before declaring that the neighbor is down. Accepted values range between `1` and `65535`. The APIC defaults to `15` when unset during creation.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name_alias` (String) The alias for the current object. This relates to the nameAlias field in ACI.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `present` or `absent` for adding or removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tenant` (String) The name of an existing Tenant.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `current` (String) The existing configuration from the APIC after the module has finished
- `error` (String) The error information as returned from the APIC
- `filter_string` (String) The filter string used for the request
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `method` (String) The HTTP method used for the request to the APIC
- `previous` (String) The original configuration from the APIC before the module has started
- `proposed` (String) The assembled configuration from the user-provided parameters
- `raw` (String) The raw output returned by the APIC REST API (xml or json)
- `response` (String) The HTTP response from the APIC
- `sent` (String) The actual/minimal configuration pushed to the APIC
- `status` (Number) The HTTP status from the APIC
- `url` (String) The HTTP url used for the request to the APIC
