---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_ipam_site_ip_address_pools Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_ipam_site_ip_address_pools (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipV4AddressSpace` (String) Ipam Site Ip Address Pools's ipV4AddressSpace.
- `ipV6AddressSpace` (String) Ipam Site Ip Address Pools's ipV6AddressSpace.
- `name` (String) The name for this reserve IP pool. Only letters, numbers, '-' (hyphen), '_' (underscore), '.' (period), and '/' (forward slash) are allowed.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `poolType` (String) Once created, a subpool type cannot be changed. LAN Assigns IP addresses to LAN interfaces of applicable VNFs and underlay LAN automation. Management Assigns IP addresses to management interfaces. A management network is a dedicated network connected to VNFs for VNF management. Service Assigns IP addresses to service interfaces. Service networks are used for communication within VNFs. WAN Assigns IP addresses to NFVIS for UCS-E provisioning. Generic used for all other network types.
- `siteId` (String) The `id` of the site that this subpool belongs to. This must be the `id` of a non-Global site.
- `siteName` (String) The name of the site that this subpool belongs to.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
