---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_insight_applications_health_by_time_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_insight_applications_health_by_time_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `applicationId` (String) Information module for Networks Insight Applications Healthbytime Info. ApplicationId path parameter. Application ID.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `networkId` (String) Information module for Networks Insight Applications Healthbytime Info. NetworkId path parameter. Network ID.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resolution` (Number) Information module for Networks Insight Applications Healthbytime Info. Resolution query parameter. The time resolution in seconds for returned data. The valid resolutions are 60, 300, 3600, 86400. The default is 300.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `t0` (String) Information module for Networks Insight Applications Healthbytime Info. T0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 7 days from today.
- `t1` (String) Information module for Networks Insight Applications Healthbytime Info. T1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. T1 can be a maximum of 7 days after t0.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timespan` (Number) Information module for Networks Insight Applications Healthbytime Info. Timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 7 days. The default is 2 hours.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
