---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_aci_aci_bd Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_aci_aci_bd (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `allow_intersite_bum_traffic` (Boolean) Control whether BUM traffic is allowed between sites. The APIC defaults to `false` when unset during creation.
- `allow_intersite_l2_stretch` (Boolean) Allow L2 Stretch between sites. The APIC defaults to `false` when unset during creation.
- `allow_ipv6_multicast` (Boolean) Flag to indicate if ipv6 multicast is enabled. The APIC defaults to `false` when unset during creation.
- `arp_flooding` (Boolean) Determines if the Bridge Domain should flood ARP traffic. The APIC defaults to `false` when unset during creation.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bd` (String) The name of the Bridge Domain.
- `bd_type` (String) The type of traffic on the Bridge Domain. The APIC defaults to `ethernet` when unset during creation.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description for the Bridge Domain.
- `enable_multicast` (Boolean) Determines if PIM is enabled. The APIC defaults to `false` when unset during creation.
- `enable_rogue_except_mac` (Boolean) Rogue exception MAC wildcard support for Bridge Domains. Only available in APIC version 6.0 or later. The APIC defaults to `false` when unset during creation.
- `enable_routing` (Boolean) Determines if IP forwarding should be allowed. The APIC defaults to `true` when unset during creation.
- `endpoint_clear` (Boolean) Clears all End Points in all Leaves when `true`. The value is not reset to disabled once End Points have been cleared; that requires a second task. The APIC defaults to `false` when unset during creation.
- `endpoint_move_detect` (String) Determines if GARP should be enabled to detect when End Points move.
- `endpoint_retention_action` (String) Determines if the Bridge Domain should inherit or resolve the End Point Retention Policy. The APIC defaults to `resolve` when unset during creation.
- `endpoint_retention_policy` (String) The name of the End Point Retention Policy the Bridge Domain should use when overriding the default End Point Retention Policy.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `first_hop_security_policy` (String) The name of the First Hop Security Policy to apply to the Bridge Domain. To delete this attribute, pass an empty string.
- `host_based_routing` (Boolean) Enables advertising host routes (/32 prefixes) out of the L3OUT(s) that are associated to this BD. The APIC defaults to `false` when unset during creation.
- `igmp_policy` (String) The name of the IGMP Interface Policy the Bridge Domain should use when overriding the default IGMP Interface Policy. To delete this attribute, pass an empty string.
- `igmp_snoop_policy` (String) The name of the IGMP Snooping Policy the Bridge Domain should use when overriding the default IGMP Snooping Policy.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_learning` (Boolean) Determines if the Bridge Domain should learn End Point IPs. The APIC defaults to `true` when unset during creation.
- `ipv6_l3_unknown_multicast` (String) Determines the forwarding method to use for IPv6 unknown multicast destinations. The APIC defaults to `flood` when unset during creation.
- `ipv6_nd_policy` (String) The name of the IPv6 Neighbor Discovery Policy the Bridge Domain should use when overridding the default IPV6 ND Policy.
- `l2_unknown_unicast` (String) Determines what forwarding method to use for unknown l2 destinations. The APIC defaults to `proxy` when unset during creation.
- `l3_unknown_multicast` (String) Determines the forwarding method to use for unknown multicast destinations. The APIC defaults to `flood` when unset during creation.
- `limit_ip_learn` (Boolean) Determines if the BD should limit IP learning to only subnets owned by the Bridge Domain. The APIC defaults to `true` when unset during creation.
- `link_local_address` (String) The override of the system generated IPv6 link-local address.
- `mac_address` (String) The MAC Address to assign to the `bd` instead of using the default. The APIC defaults to `00:22:BD:F8:19:FF` when unset during creation.
- `mld_snoop_policy` (String) The name of the Multicast Listener Discovery (MLD) Snooping Policy the Bridge Domain should use when overriding the default MLD Snooping Policy. To delete this attribute, pass an empty string.
- `monitoring_policy` (String) The name of the Monitoring Policy to apply to the Bridge Domain. To delete this attribute, pass an empty string.
- `multi_dest` (String) Determines the forwarding method for L2 multicast, broadcast, and link layer traffic. The APIC defaults to `bd-flood` when unset during creation.
- `multicast_arp_drop` (Boolean) Enable BD rogue multicast ARP packet drop. Only available in APIC version 6.0 or later. The APIC defaults to `true` when unset during creation.
- `name_alias` (String) The alias for the current object. This relates to the nameAlias field in ACI.
- `optimize_wan_bandwidth` (Boolean) Optimize WAN Bandwidth improves the network application experience at the branch and makes better use of limited network resources. The APIC defaults to `false` when unset during creation.
- `pim_destination_filter` (String) The name of the PIM Destination Filter to apply to the Bridge Domain. To delete this attribute, pass an empty string. Only available in APIC version 5.2 or later.
- `pim_source_filter` (String) The name of the PIM Source Filter to apply to the Bridge Domain. To delete this attribute, pass an empty string. Only available in APIC version 5.2 or later.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `route_profile` (String) The Route Profile to associate with the Bridge Domain.
- `route_profile_l3out` (String) The L3 Out that contains the associated Route Profile.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `present` or `absent` for adding or removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tenant` (String) The name of the Tenant.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vlan` (String) The selected VLAN for bridge domain access port encapsulation. To delete this attribute, pass an empty string.
- `vmac` (String) Virtual MAC address of the BD/SVI. This is used when the BD is extended to multiple sites using L2 Outside.
- `vrf` (String) The name of the VRF.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `current` (String) The existing configuration from the APIC after the module has finished
- `error` (String) The error information as returned from the APIC
- `filter_string` (String) The filter string used for the request
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `method` (String) The HTTP method used for the request to the APIC
- `previous` (String) The original configuration from the APIC before the module has started
- `proposed` (String) The assembled configuration from the user-provided parameters
- `raw` (String) The raw output returned by the APIC REST API (xml or json)
- `response` (String) The HTTP response from the APIC
- `sent` (String) The actual/minimal configuration pushed to the APIC
- `status` (Number) The HTTP status from the APIC
- `url` (String) The HTTP url used for the request to the APIC
