---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `configTemplateId` (String) Information module for Networks Info. ConfigTemplateId query parameter. An optional parameter that is the ID of a config template. Will return all networks bound to that template.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `endingBefore` (String) Information module for Networks Info. EndingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `isBoundToConfigTemplate` (Boolean) Information module for Networks Info. IsBoundToConfigTemplate query parameter. An optional parameter to filter config template bound networks. If configTemplateId is set, this cannot be false.
- `networkId` (String) Information module for Networks Info. NetworkId path parameter. Network ID.
- `organizationId` (String) Information module for Networks Info. OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `perPage` (Number) Information module for Networks Info. PerPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 - 100000. Default is 1000.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `productTypes` (String) Information module for Networks Info. ProductTypes query parameter. An optional parameter to filter networks by product type. Results will have at least one of the included product types.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startingAfter` (String) Information module for Networks Info. StartingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tagsFilterType` (String) Information module for Networks Info. TagsFilterType query parameter. An optional parameter of value 'withAnyTags' or 'withAllTags' to indicate whether to return networks which contain ANY or ALL of the included tags. If no type is included, 'withAnyTags' will be selected.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
