---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_mso_mso_site Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_mso_mso_site (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `apic_login_domain` (String) The AAA login domain for the username for the APICs. The apic_login_domain attribute is not supported when using with ND platform. See the ND collection for complete site management.
- `apic_password` (String) The password for the APICs. The apic_password attribute is not supported when using with ND platform. See the ND collection for complete site management.
- `apic_site_id` (String) The site ID of the APICs.
- `apic_username` (String) The username for the APICs. The apic_username attribute is not supported when using with ND platform. See the ND collection for complete site management.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) The labels for this site. Labels that do not already exist will be automatically created. The labels attribute is not supported when using with ND platform. See the ND collection for complete site management.
- `location` (String) Location of the site. The location attribute is not supported when using with ND platform. See the ND collection for complete site management.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `site` (String) The name of the site.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `present` or `absent` for adding or removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `urls` (String) A list of URLs to reference the APICs. The urls attribute is not supported when using with ND platform. See the ND collection for complete site management.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
