---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_ucs_ucs_vsans Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_ucs_ucs_vsans (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name assigned to the VSAN. This name can be between 1 and 32 alphanumeric characters. You cannot use spaces or any special characters other than - (hyphen), "_" (underscore), : (colon), and . (period). You cannot change this name after the VSAN is created.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `fabric` (String) The fabric configuration of the VSAN.  This can be one of the following: common - The VSAN maps to the same VSAN ID in all available fabrics. A - The VSAN maps to the a VSAN ID that exists only in fabric A. B - The VSAN maps to the a VSAN ID that exists only in fabric B.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fc_zoning` (String) Fibre Channel zoning configuration for the Cisco UCS domain. Fibre Channel zoning can be set to one of the following values: disabled — The upstream switch handles Fibre Channel zoning, or Fibre Channel zoning is not implemented for the Cisco UCS domain. enabled — Cisco UCS Manager configures and controls Fibre Channel zoning for the Cisco UCS domain. If you enable Fibre Channel zoning, do not configure the upstream switch with any VSANs that are being used for Fibre Channel zoning.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If `present`, will verify VSANs are present and will create if needed. If `absent`, will verify VSANs are absent and will delete if needed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vlan_id` (String) The unique string identifier assigned to the VLAN used for Fibre Channel connections. Note that Cisco UCS Manager uses VLAN '4048'.  See the UCS Manager configuration guide if you want to assign '4048' to a VLAN. Optional if state is absent.
- `vsan_id` (String) The unique identifier assigned to the VSAN. The ID can be a string between '1' and '4078', or between '4080' and '4093'. '4079' is a reserved VSAN ID. In addition, if you plan to use FC end-host mode, the range between '3840' to '4079' is also a reserved VSAN ID range. Optional if state is absent.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
