---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_rma_workflow_manager Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_rma_workflow_manager (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (String) A list of faulty and replacement device details for initiating the RMA workflow.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `ccc_poll_interval` (Number) The interval, in seconds, for polling Cisco Catalyst Center.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config_verify` (Boolean) Set to True to verify the Cisco Catalyst Center configuration after applying the playbook config.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resync_retry_count` (Number) The number of times to retry resynchronization.
- `resync_retry_interval` (Number) The interval, in seconds, between resynchronization retries.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The 'replaced' state is used to indicate the replacement of faulty network devices with
replacement network device in the workflow.
The 'deleted' state is used to unmark the faulty network devices in the workflow.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timeout_interval` (Number) The timeout interval, in seconds, for operations.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `response_1` (String) Object with API execution details as returned by the Cisco Catalyst Center Python SDK.
- `response_2` (String) Object with API execution details as returned by the Cisco Catalyst Center Python SDK.
- `response_3` (String) Object with API execution details as returned by the Cisco Catalyst Center Python SDK.
- `response_4` (String) Object with API execution details as returned by the Cisco Catalyst Center Python SDK.
