---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_wireless_rf_profiles_assignments_by_device_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_wireless_rf_profiles_assignments_by_device_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `endingBefore` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Rf Profiles Assignments By Device Info. EndingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mac` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Rf Profiles Assignments By Device Info. Mac query parameter. Optional parameter to filter RF profiles by device MAC address. All returned devices will have a MAC address that contains the search term or is an exact match.
- `macs` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Rf Profiles Assignments By Device Info. Macs query parameter. Optional parameter to filter RF profiles by one or more device MAC addresses. All returned devices will have a MAC address that is an exact match.
- `model` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Rf Profiles Assignments By Device Info. Model query parameter. Optional parameter to filter RF profiles by device model. All returned devices will have a model that contains the search term or is an exact match.
- `models` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Rf Profiles Assignments By Device Info. Models query parameter. Optional parameter to filter RF profiles by one or more device models. All returned devices will have a model that is an exact match.
- `name` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Rf Profiles Assignments By Device Info. Name query parameter. Optional parameter to filter RF profiles by device name. All returned devices will have a name that contains the search term or is an exact match.
- `networkIds` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Rf Profiles Assignments By Device Info. NetworkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by network.
- `organizationId` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Rf Profiles Assignments By Device Info. OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `perPage` (Number) Information module for Organizations Wireless Rf Profiles Assignments By Device Info. PerPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 - 1000. Default is 1000.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `productTypes` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Rf Profiles Assignments By Device Info. ProductTypes query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by product type. Valid types are wireless, appliance, switch, systemsManager, camera, cellularGateway, sensor, wirelessController, campusGateway, and secureConnect.
- `serial` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Rf Profiles Assignments By Device Info. Serial query parameter. Optional parameter to filter RF profiles by device serial number. All returned devices will have a serial number that contains the search term or is an exact match.
- `serials` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Rf Profiles Assignments By Device Info. Serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter RF profiles by one or more device serial numbers. All returned devices will have a serial number that is an exact match.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startingAfter` (String) Information module for Organizations Wireless Rf Profiles Assignments By Device Info. StartingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
