---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_clients_provision Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_clients_provision (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clients` (String) The array of clients to provision.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `devicePolicy` (String) The policy to apply to the specified client. Can be 'Group policy', 'Allowed', 'Blocked', 'Per connection' or 'Normal'. Required.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `groupPolicyId` (String) The ID of the desired group policy to apply to the client. Required if 'devicePolicy' is set to "Group policy". Otherwise this is ignored.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `networkId` (String) NetworkId path parameter. Network ID.
- `policiesBySecurityAppliance` (String) An object, describing what the policy-connection association is for the security appliance. (Only relevant if the security appliance is actually within the network).
- `policiesBySsid` (String) An object, describing the policy-connection associations for each active SSID within the network. Keys should be the number of enabled SSIDs, mapping to an object describing the client's policy.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
