---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_aci_aci_epg_to_domain Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_aci_aci_epg_to_domain (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `allow_useg` (String) Allows micro-segmentation. The APIC defaults to `encap` when unset during creation.
- `ap` (String) Name of an existing application network profile, that will contain the EPGs.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `custom_epg_name` (String) The custom epg name in VMM domain association.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delimiter` (String) The delimiter.
- `deploy_immediacy` (String) Determines when the policy is pushed to hardware Policy CAM. The APIC defaults to `lazy` when unset during creation.
- `domain` (String) Name of the physical or virtual domain being associated with the EPG.
- `domain_type` (String) Specify whether the Domain is a physical (phys), a virtual (vmm) or an L2 external domain association (l2dom).
- `encap` (Number) The VLAN encapsulation for the EPG when binding a VMM Domain in static VLAN mode. The VLAN mode in UI is set to static when `encap` is not set. This acts as the secondary encap when using useg. Accepted values range between `1` and `4096`.
- `encap_mode` (String) The encapsulation method to be used. The APIC defaults to `auto` when unset during creation. If vxlan is selected, switching_mode must be "AVE".
- `enhanced_lag_policy` (String) Name of the VMM Domain Enhanced Lag Policy.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `epg` (String) Name of the end point group.
- `epg_cos` (String) The class of service (CoS). The APIC defaults to `cos_0` when unset during creation.
- `epg_cos_preference` (String) The CoS preference. The APIC defaults to `disabled` when unset during creation.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `forged_transmits` (String) Allow forged transmits. A forged transmit occurs when a network adapter starts sending out traffic that identifies itself as something else.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipam_dhcp_override` (String) The IP Address Management (IPAM) Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) override. Only applicable for Nutanix domains.
- `ipam_enabled` (Boolean) The IPAM enabled state. Only applicable for Nutanix domains. The APIC defaults to `false` when unset during creation.
- `ipam_gateway` (String) The IPAM gateway. Only applicable for Nutanix domains.
- `lag_policy_name` (String) The link aggregation group (LAG) policy name.
- `mac_changes` (String) Allows definition of new MAC addresses for the network adapter within the virtual machine (VM).
- `netflow` (Boolean) Determines if netflow should be enabled. The APIC defaults to `false` when unset during creation.
- `netflow_direction` (String) The NetFlow monitoring direction. The APIC defaults to `both` when unset during creation.
- `number_of_ports` (Number) The number of ports.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port_allocation` (String) The port allocation method.
- `port_binding` (String) The port binding method.
- `primary_encap` (Number) Determines the primary VLAN ID when using useg. Accepted values range between `1` and `4096`.
- `primary_encap_inner` (Number) The primary inner encapsulation. This is used for the portgroup at the VMWare Distributed Virtual Switch (DVS). This VLAN is internal to the DVS and is used for communication between the other VMs and the AVE VM at a host. Traffic is not forwarded to the fabric over the VLAN. Only applicable for Cisco ACI Virtual Edge (AVE) domains. Accepted values range between `1` and `4096`.
- `promiscuous` (String) Allow/Disallow promiscuous mode in vmm domain
- `resolution_immediacy` (String) Determines when the policies should be resolved and available. The APIC defaults to `lazy` when unset during creation.
- `secondary_encap_inner` (Number) The secondary inner encapsulation. This is used for the portgroup at the VMWare DVS. This VLAN is internal to the DVS and is used for communication between the other VMs and the AVE VM at a host. Traffic is not forwarded to the fabric over the VLAN. Only applicable for AVE domains. Accepted values range between `1` and `4096`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `present` or `absent` for adding or removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects.
- `switching_mode` (String) Switching Mode used by the switch
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tenant` (String) Name of an existing tenant.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `untagged_vlan` (Boolean) The access vlan is untagged.
- `vm_provider` (String) The VM platform for VMM Domains. Support for Kubernetes was added in ACI v3.0. Support for CloudFoundry, OpenShift and Red Hat was added in ACI v3.1.
- `vmm_uplink_active` (String) A list of active uplink IDs. The order decides the order in which active uplinks take over for a failed uplink. At least one active uplink must remain specified in the list when an active uplink was previously configured.
- `vmm_uplink_standby` (String) A list of standby uplink IDs. At least one standby uplink must remain specified in the list when no active uplink is configured.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `current` (String) The existing configuration from the APIC after the module has finished
- `error` (String) The error information as returned from the APIC
- `filter_string` (String) The filter string used for the request
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `method` (String) The HTTP method used for the request to the APIC
- `previous` (String) The original configuration from the APIC before the module has started
- `proposed` (String) The assembled configuration from the user-provided parameters
- `raw` (String) The raw output returned by the APIC REST API (xml or json)
- `response` (String) The HTTP response from the APIC
- `sent` (String) The actual/minimal configuration pushed to the APIC
- `status` (Number) The HTTP status from the APIC
- `url` (String) The HTTP url used for the request to the APIC
