---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_assurance_issues_count_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_assurance_issues_count_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `aiDriven` (Boolean) AiDriven query parameter. Flag whether the issue is AI driven issue.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `category` (String) Category query parameter. Categories of the issue. Supports single category and multiple categories. Examples category=availability (single status requested) category=availability&category=onboarding (multiple categories requested).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deviceType` (String) DeviceType query parameter. Device Type of the device to which this issue belongs to. Supports single device type and multiple device types. Examples deviceType=wireless controller (single device type requested) deviceType=wireless controller&deviceType=core (multiple device types requested).
- `endTime` (Number) EndTime query parameter. End time to which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive.
- `entityId` (String) EntityId query parameter. Id of the entity for which this issue belongs to. For example, it could be mac address of AP or UUID of Sensor example 68 ca e4 79 3f 20 4de02167-901b-43cf-8822-cffd3caa286f Examples entityId=68 ca e4 79 3f 20 (single entity id requested) entityId=68 ca e4 79 3f 20&entityId=864d0421-02c0-43a6-9c52-81cad45f66d8 (multiple entity ids requested).
- `entityType` (String) EntityType query parameter. Entity type of the issue. Supports single entity type and multiple entity types. Examples entityType=networkDevice (single entity type requested) entityType=network device&entityType=client (multiple entity types requested).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `fabricDriven` (Boolean) FabricDriven query parameter. Flag whether the issue is related to a Fabric site, a virtual network or a transit.
- `fabricSiteDriven` (Boolean) FabricSiteDriven query parameter. Flag whether the issue is Fabric site driven issue.
- `fabricSiteId` (String) FabricSiteId query parameter. The UUID of the fabric site. (Ex. "flooruuid") Examples fabricSiteId=e52aecfe-b142-4287-a587-11a16ba6dd26 (single id requested) fabricSiteId=e52aecfe-b142-4287-a587-11a16ba6dd26,864d0421-02c0-43a6-9c52-81cad45f66d8 (multiple ids requested).
- `fabricTransitDriven` (Boolean) FabricTransitDriven query parameter. Flag whether the issue is Fabric Transit driven issue.
- `fabricTransitSiteId` (String) FabricTransitSiteId query parameter. The UUID of the fabric transit site. (Ex. "flooruuid") Examples fabricTransitSiteId=e52aecfe-b142-4287-a587-11a16ba6dd26 (single id requested) fabricTransitSiteId=e52ae cfe-b142-4287-a587-11a16ba6dd26&fabricTransitSiteId=864d0421-02c0-43a6-9c52-81cad45f66d8 (multiple ids requested).
- `fabricVnDriven` (Boolean) FabricVnDriven query parameter. Flag whether the issue is Fabric Virtual Network driven issue.
- `fabricVnName` (String) FabricVnName query parameter. The name of the fabric virtual network Examples fabricVnName=name1 (single fabric virtual network name requested) fabricVnName=name1&fabricVnName=name2&fabricVnName=name3 (multiple fabric virtual network names requested).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `isGlobal` (Boolean) IsGlobal query parameter. Global issues are those issues which impacts across many devices, sites. They are also displayed on Issue Dashboard in Catalyst Center UI. Non-Global issues are displayed only on Client 360 or Device 360 pages. If this flag is 'true', only global issues are returned. If it if 'false', all issues are returned.
- `issueId` (String) IssueId query parameter. UUID of the issue Examples issueId=e52aecfe-b142-4287-a587-11a16ba6dd26 (single issue id requested) issueId=e52aecfe-b142-4287-a587-11a16ba6dd26&issueId=864d0421-02c0-43a6-9c52-81cad45f66d8 (multiple issue ids requested).
- `macAddress` (String) MacAddress query parameter. The macAddress of the network device or client This field supports wildcard (`*`) character-based search. Ex `*AB AB AB*` or `AB AB AB*` or `*AB AB AB` Examples `macAddress=AB AB AB CD CD CD` (single macAddress requested) `macAddress=AB AB AB CD CD DC&macAddress=AB AB AB CD CD FE` (multiple macAddress requested).
- `name` (String) Name query parameter. The name of the issue Examples name=ap_down (single issue name requested) name=ap_down&name=wlc_monitor (multiple issue names requested) Issue names can be retrieved using the API - /data/api/v1/assuranceIssueConfigurations.
- `networkDeviceId` (String) NetworkDeviceId query parameter. The list of Network Device Uuids. (Ex. `6bef213c-19ca-4170-8375-b694e251101c`) Examples `networkDeviceId=6bef213c-19ca-4170-8375-b694e251101c` (single networkDeviceId requested) `networkDeviceId=6bef213c-19ca-4170-8375- b694e251101c&networkDeviceId=32219612-819e-4b5e-a96b-cf22aca13dd9&networkDeviceId=2541e9a7-b80d-4955- 8aa2-79b233318ba0` (multiple networkDeviceIds with & separator).
- `networkDeviceIpAddress` (String) NetworkDeviceIpAddress query parameter. The list of Network Device management IP Address. (Ex. `121.1.1.10`) This field supports wildcard (`*`) character-based search. Ex `*1.1*` or `1.1*` or `*1.1` Examples `networkDeviceIpAddress=121.1.1.10` `networkDeviceIpAddress=121.1.1.10&networkDeviceIpAddress=1 72.20.1.10&networkDeviceIpAddress=10.10.20.10` (multiple networkDevice IP Address with & separator).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `priority` (String) Priority query parameter. Priority of the issue. Supports single priority and multiple priorities Examples priority=P1 (single priority requested) priority=P1&priority=P2&priority=P3 (multiple priorities requested).
- `severity` (String) Severity query parameter. Severity of the issue. Supports single severity and multiple severities. Examples severity=high (single severity requested) severity=high&severity=medium (multiple severities requested).
- `siteHierarchy` (String) SiteHierarchy query parameter. The full hierarchical breakdown of the site tree starting from Global site name and ending with the specific site name. The Root site is named "Global" (Ex. `Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName`) This field supports wildcard asterisk (*) character search support. E.g. */San*, */San, /San* Examples `?siteHierarchy=Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName` (single siteHierarchy requested) `?siteHierarchy=Global/AreaName/BuildingName/FloorName&siteHierarchy=Gl obal/AreaName2/BuildingName2/FloorName2` (multiple siteHierarchies requested).
- `siteHierarchyId` (String) SiteHierarchyId query parameter. The full hierarchy breakdown of the site tree in id form starting from Global site UUID and ending with the specific site UUID. (Ex. `globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid`) This field supports wildcard asterisk (*) character search support. E.g. `*uuid*, *uuid, uuid* Examples `?siteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid `(single siteHierarchyId requested) `?siteH ierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid/buildingUuid/floorUuid&siteHierarchyId=globalUuid/areaUuid2/buildingUuid2 /floorUuid2` (multiple siteHierarchyIds requested).
- `siteId` (String) SiteId query parameter. The UUID of the site. (Ex. `flooruuid`) This field supports wildcard asterisk (*) character search support. E.g.*flooruuid*, *flooruuid, flooruuid* Examples `?siteId=id1` (single id requested) `?siteId=id1&siteId=id2&siteId=id3` (multiple ids requested).
- `siteName` (String) SiteName query parameter. The name of the site. (Ex. `FloorName`) This field supports wildcard asterisk (*) character search support. E.g. *San*, *San, San* Examples `?siteName=building1` (single siteName requested) `?siteName=building1&siteName=building2&siteName=building3` (multiple siteNames requested).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startTime` (Number) StartTime query parameter. Start time from which API queries the data set related to the resource. It must be specified in UNIX epochtime in milliseconds. Value is inclusive. If `startTime` is not provided, API will default to current time.
- `status` (String) Status query parameter. Status of the issue. Supports single status and multiple statuses. Examples status=active (single status requested) status=active&status=resolved (multiple statuses requested).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `updatedBy` (String) UpdatedBy query parameter. The user who last updated this issue. Examples updatedBy=admin (single updatedBy requested) updatedBy=admin&updatedBy=john (multiple updatedBy requested).

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
