---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_health_score_definitions_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_health_score_definitions_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attribute` (String) Attribute query parameter. These are the attributes supported in health score definitions response. By default, all properties are sent in response.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deviceType` (String) DeviceType query parameter. These are the device families supported for health score definitions. If no input is made on device family, all device families are considered.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `includeForOverallHealth` (Boolean) IncludeForOverallHealth query parameter. The inclusion status of the issue definition, either true or false. True indicates that particular health metric is included in overall health computation, otherwise false. By default it's set to true.
- `limit` (Number) Limit query parameter. Maximum number of records to return.
- `offset` (Number) Offset query parameter. Specifies the starting point within all records returned by the API. It's one based offset. The starting value is 1.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
