---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_summary_top_applications_categories_by_usage_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_summary_top_applications_categories_by_usage_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deviceTag` (String) Information module for Organizations Summary Top Applications Categories By Usage Info. DeviceTag query parameter. Match result to an exact device tag.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `networkId` (String) Information module for Organizations Summary Top Applications Categories By Usage Info. NetworkId query parameter. Match result to an exact network id.
- `networkTag` (String) Information module for Organizations Summary Top Applications Categories By Usage Info. NetworkTag query parameter. Match result to an exact network tag.
- `organizationId` (String) Information module for Organizations Summary Top Applications Categories By Usage Info. OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `quantity` (Number) Information module for Organizations Summary Top Applications Categories By Usage Info. Quantity query parameter. Set number of desired results to return. Default is 10. Maximum is 50.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssidName` (String) Information module for Organizations Summary Top Applications Categories By Usage Info. SsidName query parameter. Filter results by ssid name.
- `t0` (String) Information module for Organizations Summary Top Applications Categories By Usage Info. T0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data.
- `t1` (String) Information module for Organizations Summary Top Applications Categories By Usage Info. T1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. T1 can be a maximum of 186 days after t0.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timespan` (Number) Information module for Organizations Summary Top Applications Categories By Usage Info. Timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be greater than or equal to 25 minutes and be less than or equal to 186 days. The default is 1 day.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `usageUplink` (String) Information module for Organizations Summary Top Applications Categories By Usage Info. UsageUplink query parameter. Filter results by usage uplink.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
