---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_meraki_ms_l3_interface Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_meraki_ms_l3_interface (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `default_gateway` (String) The next hop for any traffic that isn't going to a directly connected subnet or over a static route. This IP address must exist in a subnet with a routed interface.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interface_id` (String) Uniqiue identification number for layer 3 interface.
- `interface_ip` (String) The IP address this switch will use for layer 3 routing on this VLAN or subnet. This cannot be the same as the switch's management IP.
- `multicast_routing` (String) Enable multicast support if multicast routing between VLANs is required.
- `name` (String) A friendly name or description for the interface or VLAN.
- `ospf_settings` (String) The OSPF routing settings of the interface.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `serial` (String) Serial number of MS switch hosting the layer 3 interface.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or modify an organization.
- `subnet` (String) The network that this routed interface is on, in CIDR notation.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vlan_id` (Number) The VLAN this routed interface is on. VLAN must be between 1 and 4094.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) Information about the layer 3 interfaces.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
