---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_network_profile_switching_workflow_manager Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_network_profile_switching_workflow_manager (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (String) A list containing the comprehensive details required for network switch profile creation, assignment, and lifecycle management. Each profile configuration supports template assignments, site associations, and operational state management for enterprise network infrastructure standardization and automation.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config_verify` (Boolean) Set to `True` to enable configuration verification on Cisco Catalyst Center after applying the playbook configuration. This ensures that the system validates the configuration state after the changes are applied.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specifies the desired operational state for switch profile configuration management. - merged: Creates new switch profiles or updates existing profiles by adding/modifying
  template assignments and site associations. Supports incremental profile enhancement.
- deleted: Removes switch profiles, unassigns sites, or detaches templates based on
  the configuration provided. Supports selective deletion for profile lifecycle management.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `response_create` (String) A dictionary or list containing the response returned by the Cisco Catalyst Center Python SDK when a switch profile is successfully created. The response confirms the successful creation of the profile and provides details about the profile, including its name and status.
- `response_delete_idempotent` (String) A dictionary or list containing the response returned by the Cisco Catalyst Center Python SDK. This response is provided when attempting to delete switching profiles in an idempotent manner. If the profiles are already deleted, the response indicates that no changes were required.
- `response_delete_profile` (String) A dictionary or list containing the response returned by the Cisco Catalyst Center Python SDK when a switch profile is successfully deleted or unassigned. The response confirms the deletion/unassignment and provides details of the profile and its associated operations.
- `response_unassign_site` (String) A dictionary or list containing the response returned by the Cisco Catalyst Center Python SDK when a site is successfully unassigned from a switch profile. The response confirms the unassignment and provides details about the profile and site(s) affected.
- `response_unassign_template` (String) A dictionary or list containing the response returned by the Cisco Catalyst Center Python SDK when a template is successfully unassigned from a switch profile. The response confirms the unassignment and provides details about the profile and the template(s) affected.
- `response_update` (String) A dictionary or list containing the response returned by the Cisco Catalyst Center Python SDK when a switch profile is successfully updated. The response confirms the successful update of the profile and provides details about the profile, including its name and status.
