---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_events_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_events_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clientIp` (String) Information module for Networks Events Info. ClientIp query parameter. The IP of the client which the list of events will be filtered with. Only supported for track-by-IP networks.
- `clientMac` (String) Information module for Networks Events Info. ClientMac query parameter. The MAC address of the client which the list of events will be filtered with. Only supported for track-by-MAC networks.
- `clientName` (String) Information module for Networks Events Info. ClientName query parameter. The name, or partial name, of the client which the list of events will be filtered with.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deviceMac` (String) Information module for Networks Events Info. DeviceMac query parameter. The MAC address of the Meraki device which the list of events will be filtered with.
- `deviceName` (String) Information module for Networks Events Info. DeviceName query parameter. The name of the Meraki device which the list of events will be filtered with.
- `deviceSerial` (String) Information module for Networks Events Info. DeviceSerial query parameter. The serial of the Meraki device which the list of events will be filtered with.
- `endingBefore` (String) Information module for Networks Events Info. EndingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `eventDetails` (String) Information module for Networks Events Info. EventDetails query parameter. The details of the event(Catalyst device only) which the list of events will be filtered with.
- `eventSeverity` (String) Information module for Networks Events Info. EventSeverity query parameter. The severity of the event(Catalyst device only) which the list of events will be filtered with.
- `excludedEventTypes` (String) Information module for Networks Events Info. ExcludedEventTypes query parameter. A list of event types. The returned events will be filtered to exclude events with these types.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `includedEventTypes` (String) Information module for Networks Events Info. IncludedEventTypes query parameter. A list of event types. The returned events will be filtered to only include events with these types.
- `isCatalyst` (Boolean) Information module for Networks Events Info. IsCatalyst query parameter. Boolean indicating that whether it is a Catalyst device. For Catalyst device, eventDetails and eventSeverity can be used to filter events.
- `networkId` (String) Information module for Networks Events Info. NetworkId path parameter. Network ID.
- `perPage` (Number) Information module for Networks Events Info. PerPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 - 1000. Default is 10.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `productType` (String) Information module for Networks Events Info. ProductType query parameter. The product type to fetch events for. This parameter is required for networks with multiple device types. Valid types are wireless, appliance, switch, systemsManager, camera, cellularGateway, wirelessController, campusGateway, and secureConnect.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `smDeviceMac` (String) Information module for Networks Events Info. SmDeviceMac query parameter. The MAC address of the Systems Manager device which the list of events will be filtered with.
- `smDeviceName` (String) Information module for Networks Events Info. SmDeviceName query parameter. The name of the Systems Manager device which the list of events will be filtered with.
- `startingAfter` (String) Information module for Networks Events Info. StartingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
