---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_mso_mso_schema_site_bd_subnet Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_mso_mso_schema_site_bd_subnet (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bd` (String) The name of the BD.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `schema` (String) The name of the schema.
- `site` (String) The name of the site.
- `template` (String) The name of the template.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of this subnet.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_virtual_ip` (Boolean) Treat as Virtual IP Address
- `no_default_gateway` (Boolean) Whether this subnet has a default gateway.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `primary` (Boolean) Treat as Primary Subnet. There can be only one primary subnet per address family under a BD. This option can only be used on versions of MSO that are 3.1.1h or greater.
- `querier` (Boolean) Whether this subnet is an IGMP querier.
- `scope` (String) The scope of the subnet.
- `shared` (Boolean) Whether this subnet is shared between VRFs.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `present` or `absent` for adding or removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects.
- `subnet` (String) The IP range in CIDR notation.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
