---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_sda_port_channels Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_sda_port_channels (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connectedDeviceType` (String) ConnectedDeviceType query parameter. Connected device type of the port channel. The allowed values are TRUNK, EXTENDED_NODE.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `fabricId` (String) FabricId query parameter. ID of the fabric the device is assigned to.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `networkDeviceId` (String) NetworkDeviceId query parameter. ID of the network device.
- `payload` (String) Sda Port Channels's payload.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `portChannelIds` (String) PortChannelIds query parameter. IDs of the port channels to be selectively deleted(Maximum number of IDs this parameter could consume is 10).
- `portChannelName` (String) PortChannelName query parameter. Name of the port channel.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
