---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_inventory_devices_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_inventory_devices_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `endingBefore` (String) Information module for Organizations Inventory Devices Info. EndingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `macs` (String) Information module for Organizations Inventory Devices Info. Macs query parameter. Search for devices in inventory based on mac addresses.
- `models` (String) Information module for Organizations Inventory Devices Info. Models query parameter. Search for devices in inventory based on model.
- `networkIds` (String) Information module for Organizations Inventory Devices Info. NetworkIds query parameter. Search for devices in inventory based on network ids. Use explicit 'null' value to get available devices only.
- `orderNumbers` (String) Information module for Organizations Inventory Devices Info. OrderNumbers query parameter. Search for devices in inventory based on order numbers.
- `organizationId` (String) Information module for Organizations Inventory Devices Info. OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `perPage` (Number) Information module for Organizations Inventory Devices Info. PerPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 - 1000. Default is 1000.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `productTypes` (String) Information module for Organizations Inventory Devices Info. ProductTypes query parameter. Filter devices by product type. Accepted values are appliance, camera, campusGateway, cellularGateway, secureConnect, sensor, switch, systemsManager, wireless, and wirelessController.
- `search` (String) Information module for Organizations Inventory Devices Info. Search query parameter. Search for devices in inventory based on serial number, mac address, or model.
- `serial` (String) Information module for Organizations Inventory Devices Info. Serial path parameter.
- `serials` (String) Information module for Organizations Inventory Devices Info. Serials query parameter. Search for devices in inventory based on serials.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startingAfter` (String) Information module for Organizations Inventory Devices Info. StartingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tagsFilterType` (String) Information module for Organizations Inventory Devices Info. TagsFilterType query parameter. To use with 'tags' parameter, to filter devices which contain ANY or ALL given tags. Accepted values are 'withAnyTags' or 'withAllTags', default is 'withAnyTags'.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `usedState` (String) Information module for Organizations Inventory Devices Info. UsedState query parameter. Filter results by used or unused inventory. Accepted values are 'used' or 'unused'.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
