---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_mso_mso_backup Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_mso_mso_backup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (String) The name given to the backup `backup` is mutually exclusive with `backup_id`. Only use one of the two.
- `backup_id` (String) The id of a specific backup `backup_id` is mutually exclusive with `backup`. Only use one of the two.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Brief information about the backup.
- `destination` (String) Location where to download the backup to
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `location_type` (String) The type of location for the backup to be stored
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remote_location` (String) The remote location's name where the backup should be stored
- `remote_path` (String) This path is relative to the remote location. A '/' is automatically added between the remote location folder and this path. This folder structure should already exist on the remote location.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `present` or `absent` for adding or removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects. Use `upload` for uploading backup. Use `restore` for restoring backup. Use `download` for downloading backup. Use `move` for moving backup from local to remote location.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
