---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_ios_ios_system Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_ios_ios_system (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain_name` (String) Configure the IP domain name on the remote device to the provided value. Value should be in the dotted name form and will be appended to the `hostname` to create a fully-qualified domain name.
- `domain_search` (String) Provides the list of domain suffixes to append to the hostname for the purpose of doing name resolution. This argument accepts a list of names and will be reconciled with the current active configuration on the running node.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hostname` (String) Configure the device hostname parameter. This option takes an ASCII string value.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lookup_enabled` (Boolean) Administrative control for enabling or disabling DNS lookups.  When this argument is set to True, lookups are performed and when it is set to False, lookups are not performed.
- `lookup_source` (String) Provides one or more source interfaces to use for performing DNS lookups.  The interface provided in `lookup_source` must be a valid interface configured on the device.
- `name_servers` (String) List of DNS name servers by IP address to use to perform name resolution lookups.  This argument accepts either a list of DNS servers See examples.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the configuration values in the device's current active configuration.  When set to *present*, the values should be configured in the device active configuration and when set to *absent* the values should not be in the device active configuration
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `commands` (String) The list of configuration mode commands to send to the device
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
