---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_mso_ndo_route_map_policy_multicast Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_mso_ndo_route_map_policy_multicast (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `template` (String) The name of the template. The template must be a tenant template.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the Multicast Route Map Policy.
- `entries` (String) A list of entries attached to the Multicast Route Map Policy. The list of configured entries must contain at least one entry. When the list of entries is null the update will not change existing entry configuration.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `route_map_policy` (String) The name of the Multicast Route Map Policy.
- `route_map_policy_uuid` (String) The uuid of the Multicast Route Map Policy. This parameter is required when the `route_map_policy` needs to be updated.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `absent` for removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects. Use `present` for creating or updating.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
