---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_api_requests_overview_response_codes_by_interval_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_api_requests_overview_response_codes_by_interval_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `adminIds` (String) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Overview Responsecodes Byinterval Info. AdminIds query parameter. Filter by admin ID of user that made the API request.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interval` (Number) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Overview Responsecodes Byinterval Info. Interval query parameter. The time interval in seconds for returned data. The valid intervals are 120, 3600, 14400, 21600. The default is 21600. Interval is calculated if time params are provided.
- `operationIds` (String) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Overview Responsecodes Byinterval Info. OperationIds query parameter. Filter by operation ID of the endpoint.
- `organizationId` (String) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Overview Responsecodes Byinterval Info. OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sourceIps` (String) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Overview Responsecodes Byinterval Info. SourceIps query parameter. Filter by source IP that made the API request.
- `t0` (String) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Overview Responsecodes Byinterval Info. T0 query parameter. The beginning of the timespan for the data. The maximum lookback period is 31 days from today.
- `t1` (String) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Overview Responsecodes Byinterval Info. T1 query parameter. The end of the timespan for the data. T1 can be a maximum of 31 days after t0.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timespan` (Number) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Overview Responsecodes Byinterval Info. Timespan query parameter. The timespan for which the information will be fetched. If specifying timespan, do not specify parameters t0 and t1. The value must be in seconds and be less than or equal to 31 days. The default is 31 days. If interval is provided, the timespan will be autocalculated.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `userAgent` (String) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Overview Responsecodes Byinterval Info. UserAgent query parameter. Filter by user agent string for API request. This will filter by a complete or partial match.
- `version` (Number) Information module for Organizations Apirequests Overview Responsecodes Byinterval Info. Version query parameter. Filter by API version of the endpoint. Allowable values are 0, 1.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
