---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_ucs_ucs_san_connectivity Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_ucs_ucs_san_connectivity (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A description of the policy. Cisco recommends including information about where and when to use the policy. Enter up to 256 characters. You can use any characters or spaces except the following: ` (accent mark),  (backslash), ^ (carat), " (double quote), = (equal sign), > (greater than), < (less than), or ' (single quote).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The name of the SAN Connectivity Policy. This name can be between 1 and 16 alphanumeric characters. You cannot use spaces or any special characters other than - (hyphen), "_" (underscore), : (colon), and . (period). You cannot change this name after the policy is created.
- `org_dn` (String) Org dn (distinguished name)
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If `present`, will verify SAN Connectivity Policies are present and will create if needed. If `absent`, will verify SAN Connectivity Policies are absent and will delete if needed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vhba_list` (String) List of vHBAs used by the SAN Connectivity Policy. vHBAs used by the SAN Connectivity Policy must be created from a vHBA template.
- `wwnn_pool` (String) Name of the WWNN pool to use for WWNN assignment.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
