---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_appliance_ssids Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_networks_appliance_ssids (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authMode` (String) The association control method for the SSID ('open', 'psk', '8021x-meraki' or '8021x-radius').
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `defaultVlanId` (Number) The VLAN ID of the VLAN associated to this SSID. This parameter is only valid if the network is in routed mode.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dhcpEnforcedDeauthentication` (String) DHCP Enforced Deauthentication enables the disassociation of wireless clients in addition to Mandatory DHCP. This param is only valid on firmware versions >= MX 17.0 where the associated LAN has Mandatory DHCP Enabled.
- `dot11w` (String) The current setting for Protected Management Frames (802.11w).
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the SSID is enabled.
- `encryptionMode` (String) The psk encryption mode for the SSID ('wep' or 'wpa'). This param is only valid if the authMode is 'psk'.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The name of the SSID.
- `networkId` (String) NetworkId path parameter. Network ID.
- `number` (String) Number path parameter.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `psk` (String) The passkey for the SSID. This param is only valid if the authMode is 'psk'.
- `radiusServers` (String) The RADIUS 802.1x servers to be used for authentication. This param is only valid if the authMode is '8021x-radius'.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `visible` (Boolean) Boolean indicating whether the MX should advertise or hide this SSID.
- `wpaEncryptionMode` (String) The types of WPA encryption. ('WPA1 and WPA2', 'WPA2 only', 'WPA3 Transition Mode' or 'WPA3 only'). This param is only valid if (1) the authMode is 'psk' & the encryptionMode is 'wpa' OR (2) the authMode is '8021x-meraki' OR (3) the authMode is '8021x-radius'.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
