---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_ucs_ucs_disk_group_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_ucs_ucs_disk_group_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the disk group policy. This name can be between 1 and 16 alphanumeric characters. You cannot use spaces or any special characters other than - (hyphen), "_" (underscore), : (colon), and . (period). You cannot change this name after the policy is created.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `configuration_mode` (String) Disk group configuration mode. Choose one of the following: automatic - Automatically configures the disks in the disk group. manual - Enables you to manually configure the disks in the disk group.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The user-defined description of the storage profile. Enter up to 256 characters. You can use any characters or spaces except the following: ` (accent mark),  (backslash), ^ (carat), " (double quote), = (equal sign), > (greater than), < (less than), or ' (single quote).
- `drive_type` (String) Specify the drive type to use in the drive group. This can be one of the following: unspecified — Selects the first available drive type, and applies that to all drives in the group. HDD — Hard disk drive SSD — Solid state drive Option only applies when configuration mode is automatic.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `manual_disks` (String) List of manually configured disks. Options are only used when you choose manual configuration_mode.
- `min_drive_size` (String) Specify the minimum drive size or unspecified to allow all drive sizes. This can be from 0 to 10240 GB. Option only applies when configuration mode is automatic.
- `num_ded_hot_spares` (String) Specify the number of hot spares for the disk group. This can be from 0 to 24. Option only applies when configuration mode is automatic.
- `num_drives` (String) Specify the number of drives for the disk group. This can be from 0 to 24. Option only applies when configuration mode is automatic.
- `num_glob_hot_spares` (String) Specify the number of global hot spares for the disk group. This can be from 0 to 24. Option only applies when configuration mode is automatic.
- `org_dn` (String) The distinguished name (dn) of the organization where the resource is assigned.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `raid_level` (String) The RAID level for the disk group policy. This can be one of the following: stripe - UCS Manager shows RAID 0 Striped mirror - RAID 1 Mirrored mirror-stripe - RAID 10 Mirrored and Striped stripe-parity - RAID 5 Striped Parity stripe-dual-parity - RAID 6 Striped Dual Parity stripe-parity-stripe - RAID 50 Striped Parity and Striped stripe-dual-parity-stripe - RAID 60 Striped Dual Parity and Striped
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of the disk group policy. If `present`, will verify that the disk group policy is present and will create if needed. If `absent`, will verify that the disk group policy is absent and will delete if needed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_remaining_disks` (String) Specifies whether you can use all the remaining disks in the disk group or not. Option only applies when configuration mode is automatic.
- `virtual_drive` (String) Configuration of virtual drive options.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
