---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_mso_ndo_template Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_mso_ndo_template (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `sites` (String) The list of sites attached to the template. Required when `type=l3out`, `type=monitoring_tenant` or `type=monitoring_access`. Set to an empty list `sites=[]` to remove all sites attached from the template. Set to null `sites=null` or do not provide `sites` to avoid making changes to sites attached to the template.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `absent` for removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects. Use `present` for creating or updating.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template` (String) The name of the template.
- `template_id` (String) The id of the template. This parameter is required when the `template` needs to be updated.
- `template_type` (String) The type of the template. The `template_type=application` is only intended for retrieving the Application template using `template_id` and does not support template creation.
- `tenant` (String) The name of the tenant attached to the template. Required when `type=tenant`, `type=l3out`, `type=monitoring_tenant` or `type=service_device`.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
