---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_mso_mso_schema_site_vrf_region_cidr_subnet Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_mso_mso_schema_site_vrf_region_cidr_subnet (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cidr` (String) The IP range of for the region CIDR.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `region` (String) The name of the region.
- `schema` (String) The name of the schema.
- `site` (String) The name of the site.
- `template` (String) The name of the template.
- `vrf` (String) The name of the VRF.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hosted_vrf` (String) The name of hosted vrf associated with region CIDR subnet. This is supported on versions of MSO that are 3.3 or greater.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_link_label` (String) The private link label used to represent this subnet. This parameter is available for MSO version greater than 3.3.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `present` or `absent` for adding or removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects.
- `subnet` (String) The IP subnet of this region CIDR.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vgw` (Boolean) Whether this subnet is used for the Azure Gateway in Azure. Whether this subnet is used for the Transit Gateway Attachment in AWS.
- `zone` (String) The name of the zone for the region CIDR subnet. This argument is required for AWS sites.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
