---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_devices_statuses_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_meraki_organizations_devices_statuses_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `endingBefore` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Statuses Info. EndingBefore query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the end of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `models` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Statuses Info. Models query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by models.
- `networkIds` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Statuses Info. NetworkIds query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by network ids.
- `organizationId` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Statuses Info. OrganizationId path parameter. Organization ID.
- `perPage` (Number) Information module for Organizations Devices Statuses Info. PerPage query parameter. The number of entries per page returned. Acceptable range is 3 - 1000. Default is 1000.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `productTypes` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Statuses Info. ProductTypes query parameter. An optional parameter to filter device statuses by product type. Valid types are wireless, appliance, switch, systemsManager, camera, cellularGateway, sensor, wirelessController, campusGateway, and secureConnect.
- `serials` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Statuses Info. Serials query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by serials.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startingAfter` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Statuses Info. StartingAfter query parameter. A token used by the server to indicate the start of the page. Often this is a timestamp or an ID but it is not limited to those. This parameter should not be defined by client applications. The link for the first, last, prev, or next page in the HTTP Link header should define it.
- `statuses` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Statuses Info. Statuses query parameter. Optional parameter to filter devices by statuses. Valid statuses are "online", "alerting", "offline", "dormant".
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tagsFilterType` (String) Information module for Organizations Devices Statuses Info. TagsFilterType query parameter. An optional parameter of value 'withAnyTags' or 'withAllTags' to indicate whether to return devices which contain ANY or ALL of the included tags. If no type is included, 'withAnyTags' will be selected.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meraki_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco Meraki Python SDK
