---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_aci_aci_interface_policy_port_channel Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_aci_aci_interface_policy_port_channel (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the port channel.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fast_select` (Boolean) Determines if Fast Select is enabled for Hot Standby Ports. This makes up the LACP Policy Control Policy; if one setting is defined, then all other Control Properties left undefined or set to false will not exist after the task is ran. The APIC defaults to `true` when unset during creation.
- `graceful_convergence` (Boolean) Determines if Graceful Convergence is enabled. This makes up the LACP Policy Control Policy; if one setting is defined, then all other Control Properties left undefined or set to false will not exist after the task is ran. The APIC defaults to `true` when unset during creation.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `load_defer` (Boolean) Determines if Load Defer is enabled. This makes up the LACP Policy Control Policy; if one setting is defined, then all other Control Properties left undefined or set to false will not exist after the task is ran. The APIC defaults to `false` when unset during creation.
- `max_links` (Number) Maximum links. Accepted values range between 1 and 16. The APIC defaults to `16` when unset during creation.
- `min_links` (Number) Minimum links. Accepted values range between 1 and 16. The APIC defaults to `1` when unset during creation.
- `mode` (String) Port channel interface policy mode. Determines the LACP method to use for forming port-channels. The APIC defaults to `off` when unset during creation.
- `name_alias` (String) The alias for the current object. This relates to the nameAlias field in ACI.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port_channel` (String) Name of the port channel.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Use `present` or `absent` for adding or removing. Use `query` for listing an object or multiple objects.
- `suspend_individual` (Boolean) Determines if Suspend Individual is enabled. This makes up the LACP Policy Control Policy; if one setting is defined, then all other Control Properties left undefined or set to false will not exist after the task is ran. The APIC defaults to `true` when unset during creation.
- `symmetric_hash` (Boolean) Determines if Symmetric Hashing is enabled. This makes up the LACP Policy Control Policy; if one setting is defined, then all other Control Properties left undefined or set to false will not exist after the task is ran. The APIC defaults to `false` when unset during creation.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `current` (String) The existing configuration from the APIC after the module has finished
- `error` (String) The error information as returned from the APIC
- `filter_string` (String) The filter string used for the request
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `method` (String) The HTTP method used for the request to the APIC
- `previous` (String) The original configuration from the APIC before the module has started
- `proposed` (String) The assembled configuration from the user-provided parameters
- `raw` (String) The raw output returned by the APIC REST API (xml or json)
- `response` (String) The HTTP response from the APIC
- `sent` (String) The actual/minimal configuration pushed to the APIC
- `status` (Number) The HTTP status from the APIC
- `url` (String) The HTTP url used for the request to the APIC
