---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cisco_dnac_endpoint_analytics_endpoints_count_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cisco_dnac_endpoint_analytics_endpoints_count_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `aiSpoofingTrustLevel` (String) AiSpoofingTrustLevel query parameter. Trust level of the endpoint due to AI spoofing. Possible values are 'low', 'medium', 'high'.
- `ancPolicy` (String) AncPolicy query parameter. ANC policy. Only exact match will be returned.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authMethod` (String) AuthMethod query parameter. Authentication method. Partial string is allowed.
- `changedProfileTrustLevel` (String) ChangedProfileTrustLevel query parameter. Trust level of the endpoint due to changing profile labels. Possible values are 'low', 'medium', 'high'.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `concurrentMacTrustLevel` (String) ConcurrentMacTrustLevel query parameter. Trust level of the endpoint due to concurrent MAC address. Possible values are 'low', 'medium', 'high'.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deviceType` (String) DeviceType query parameter. Type of device to search for. Partial string is allowed.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hardwareManufacturer` (String) HardwareManufacturer query parameter. Hardware manufacturer to search for. Partial string is allowed.
- `hardwareModel` (String) HardwareModel query parameter. Hardware model to search for. Partial string is allowed.
- `headers` (String) Additional headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip` (String) Ip query parameter. IP address to search for. Partial string is allowed.
- `ipBlocklistDetected` (Boolean) IpBlocklistDetected query parameter. Flag to fetch endpoints hitting IP blocklist or not.
- `macAddress` (String) MacAddress query parameter. MAC address to search for. Partial string is allowed.
- `macAddresses` (String) MacAddresses query parameter. List of MAC addresses to filter on. Only exact matches will be returned.
- `natTrustLevel` (String) NatTrustLevel query parameter. Trust level of the endpoint due to NAT access. Possible values are 'low', 'medium', 'high'.
- `operatingSystem` (String) OperatingSystem query parameter. Operating system to search for. Partial string is allowed.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `postureStatus` (String) PostureStatus query parameter. Posture status.
- `profilingStatus` (String) ProfilingStatus query parameter. Profiling status of the endpoint. Possible values are 'profiled', 'partialProfiled', 'notProfiled'.
- `randomMac` (Boolean) RandomMac query parameter. Flag to fetch endpoints having randomized MAC or not.
- `registered` (Boolean) Registered query parameter. Flag to fetch manually registered or non-registered endpoints.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trustScore` (String) TrustScore query parameter. Overall trust score of the endpoint. It can be provided either as a number value (e.g. 5), or as a range (e.g. 3-7). Provide value as '-' if you want to search for all endpoints where trust score is not assigned.
- `unauthPortDetected` (Boolean) UnauthPortDetected query parameter. Flag to fetch endpoints exposing unauthorized ports or not.
- `weakCredDetected` (Boolean) WeakCredDetected query parameter. Flag to fetch endpoints having weak credentials or not.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnac_response` (String) A dictionary or list with the response returned by the Cisco DNAC Python SDK
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
