---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cloudscale_ch_cloud_volume_snapshot Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cloudscale_ch_cloud_volume_snapshot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Name of the volume snapshot. Either *name* or *uuid* are required.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_volume` (String) UUID of the volume this snapshot belongs to. If *name* and *source_volume* are present, a new volume snapshot is created. This parameter has no effect on existing volume snapshots (*uuid* option is present).
- `state` (String) State of the volume snapshot.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the volume snapshot.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `created_at` (String) The creation date and time of the resource.
- `href` (String) The API URL to get details about this volume snapshot.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `size_gb` (String) The size of the volume in GB.
- `status` (String) The current status of the volume snapshot.
