---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cloudscale_ch_cloud_subnet Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cloudscale_ch_cloud_subnet (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cidr` (String) The cidr of the subnet. Required if *state=present*.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dns_servers` (String) A list of DNS resolver IP addresses, that act as DNS servers. If not set, the cloudscale.ch default resolvers are used.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gateway_address` (String) The gateway address of the subnet. If not set, no gateway is used. Cannot be within the DHCP range, which is the lowest .101-.254 in the subnet.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `network` (String) The name of the network the subnet is related to. Required if *state=present*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reset` (Boolean) Resets *gateway_address* and *dns_servers* to default values by the API. Note: Idempotency is not given.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the subnet.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the subnet.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `href` (String) API URL to get details about the subnet.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
