---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cloudscale_ch_cloud_load_balancer_pool_member Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cloudscale_ch_cloud_load_balancer_pool_member (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `address` (String) The IP address to which traffic is sent.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Pool member will not receive traffic if false. Default is true.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `load_balancer_pool` (String) UUID of the load balancer pool.
- `monitor_port` (Number) The port to which health monitor checks are sent. If not specified, protocol_port will be used. Default is null.
- `name` (String) Name of the load balancer pool member. Either *name* or *uuid* are required.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `protocol_port` (Number) The port to which actual traffic is sent.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the load balancer pool member.
- `subnet` (String) The subnet of the address must be specified here.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the load balancer. Either *name* or *uuid* are required.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `created_at` (String) The creation date and time of the load balancer pool member
- `href` (String) API URL to get details about this load balancer
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `monitor_status` (String) The status of the pool's health monitor check for this member
- `pool` (String) The pool of the pool member
