---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cloudscale_ch_cloud_volume Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cloudscale_ch_cloud_volume (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Name of the volume. Either name or UUID must be present to change an existing volume.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `revert` (String) UUID of the snapshot to revert the volume to. This must be the most recent snapshot of the volume. For root volumes: the respective server must be shut down. For non-root volumes: the volume to be reverted must be detached
- `servers` (String) UUIDs of the servers this volume is attached to. Set this to `[]` to detach the volume. Currently a volume can only be attached to a single server. The aliases `server_uuids` and `server_uuid` are deprecated and will be removed in version 3.0.0 of this collection.
- `size_gb` (Number) Size of the volume in GB.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the volume.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Type of the volume. Cannot be changed after creating the volume. Defaults to `ssd` on volume creation.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the volume. Either name or UUID must be present to change an existing volume.
- `zone` (String) Zone in which the volume resides (e.g. `lpg1` or `rma1`). Cannot be changed after creating the volume. Defaults to the project default zone.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `href` (String) The API URL to get details about this volume.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `server_uuids` (String) The UUIDs of the servers this volume is attached to. This return value is deprecated and will disappear in the future when the field is removed from the API.
