---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cloudscale_ch_cloud_floating_ip Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cloudscale_ch_cloud_floating_ip (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_version` (Number) IP protocol version of the floating IP. Required when assigning a new floating IP.
- `name` (String) Name to identifiy the floating IP address for idempotency. One of *network* or *name* is required to identify the floating IP. Required for assigning a new floating IP.
- `network` (String) Floating IP address to change. One of *network* or *name* is required to identify the floating IP.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prefix_length` (Number) Only valid if *ip_version* is 6. Prefix length for the IPv6 network. Currently only a prefix of /56 can be requested. If no *prefix_length* is present, a single address is created.
- `region` (String) Region in which the floating IP resides (e.g. `lpg` or `rma`). If omitted, the region of the project default zone is used. This parameter must be omitted if *type* is set to `global`.
- `reverse_ptr` (String) Reverse PTR entry for this address. You cannot set a reverse PTR entry for IPv6 floating networks. Reverse PTR entries are only allowed for single addresses.
- `server` (String) UUID of the server assigned to this floating IP.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the floating IP.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The type of the floating IP.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `href` (String) The API URL to get details about this floating IP.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `ip` (String) The floating IP address.
- `next_hop` (String) Your floating IP is routed to this IP address.
