---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_iam_server_certificate Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_iam_server_certificate (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of certificate to add, update or remove.
- `state` (String) Whether to create (or update) or delete the certificate. If *new_path* or *new_name* is defined, specifying present will attempt to make an update these.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cert` (String) The content of the certificate body in PEM encoded format.
- `cert_chain` (String) The content of the CA certificate chain in PEM encoded format.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dup_ok` (Boolean) By default the module will not upload a certificate that is already uploaded into AWS. If *dup_ok=True*, it will upload the certificate as long as the name is unique. The default value for this value changed in release 5.0.0 to `true`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key` (String) The content of the private key in PEM encoded format.
- `new_name` (String) When *state=present*, this will update the name of the cert. The *cert*, *key* and *cert_chain* parameters will be ignored if this is defined.
- `new_path` (String) When *state=present*, this will update the path of the cert. The *cert*, *key* and *cert_chain* parameters will be ignored if this is defined.
- `path` (String) When creating or updating, specify the desired path of the certificate.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
