---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_rocketchat Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_rocketchat (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain` (String) The domain for your environment without protocol. (For example `example.com` or `chat.example.com`).
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `token` (String) Rocket Chat Incoming Webhook integration token. This provides authentication to Rocket Chat's Incoming webhook for posting messages.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attachments` (String) Define a list of attachments.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `channel` (String) Channel to send the message to. If absent, the message goes to the channel selected for the `token` specified during the creation of webhook.
- `color` (String) Allow text to use default colors - use the default of `normal` to not send a custom color bar at the start of the message.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `icon_emoji` (String) Emoji for the message sender. The representation for the available emojis can be got from Rocket Chat. For example `:thumbsup:`. If `icon_emoji` is set, `icon_url` is not used.
- `icon_url` (String) URL for the message sender's icon.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_pre740` (Boolean) If `true`, the payload matches Rocket.Chat prior to 7.4.0 format. This format has been used by the module since its inception, but is no longer supported by Rocket.Chat 7.4.0. The default value of the option, `true`, is **deprecated** since community.general 11.2.0 and will change to `false` in community.general 13.0.0. This parameter is going to be removed in a future release when Rocket.Chat 7.4.0 becomes the minimum supported version.
- `link_names` (Number) Automatically create links for channels and usernames in `msg`.
- `msg` (String) Message to be sent.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `protocol` (String) Specify the protocol used to send notification messages before the webhook URL (that is, `http` or `https`).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) This is the sender of the message.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If `false`, SSL certificates are not validated. This should only be used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
