---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxysql_proxysql_mysql_users Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxysql_proxysql_mysql_users (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `username` (String) Name of the user connecting to the mysqld or ProxySQL instance.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) A user with *active* set to `False` will be tracked in the database, but will be never loaded in the in-memory data structures. If omitted the proxysql database default for *active* is `True`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backend` (Boolean) If *backend* is set to `True`, this (username, password) pair is used for authenticating to the ProxySQL instance.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `default_hostgroup` (Number) If there is no matching rule for the queries sent by this user, the traffic it generates is sent to the specified hostgroup. If omitted the proxysql database default for *use_ssl* is 0.
- `default_schema` (String) The schema to which the connection should change to by default.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encrypt_password` (Boolean) Encrypt a cleartext password passed in the *password* option, using the method defined in *encryption_method*.
- `encryption_method` (String) Encryption method used when *encrypt_password* is set to `True`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fast_forward` (Boolean) If *fast_forward* is set to `True`, *fast_forward* will bypass the query processing layer (rewriting, caching) and pass through the query directly as is to the backend server. If omitted the proxysql database default for *fast_forward* is `False`.
- `frontend` (Boolean) If *frontend* is set to `True`, this (username, password) pair is used for authenticating to the mysqld servers against any hostgroup.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `max_connections` (Number) The maximum number of connections ProxySQL will open to the backend for this user. If omitted the proxysql database default for *max_connections* is 10000.
- `password` (String) Password of the user connecting to the mysqld or ProxySQL instance.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `salt` (String) Salt used when *encryption_method* is set to `caching_sha2_password`. If omitted the *salt* is a randomly generated string and will change value in ProxySQL database on each execution.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `present` - adds the user, when `absent` - removes the user.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `transaction_persistent` (Boolean) If this is set for the user with which the MySQL client is connecting to ProxySQL (thus a "frontend" user), transactions started within a hostgroup will remain within that hostgroup regardless of any other rules. If omitted the proxysql database default for *transaction_persistent* is `False`.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_ssl` (Boolean) If *use_ssl* is set to `True`, connections by this user will be made using SSL connections. If omitted the proxysql database default for *use_ssl* is `False`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `stdout` (String) The mysql user modified or removed from proxysql.
