---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_npm Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_npm (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `ci` (Boolean) Install packages based on package-lock file, same as running `npm ci`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) The executable location for npm. This is useful if you are using a version manager, such as nvm.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Use the `--force` flag when installing.
- `global` (Boolean) Install the node.js library globally. When `global=true`, then `path` is not used to install the packages.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_scripts` (Boolean) Use the `--ignore-scripts` flag when installing.
- `name` (String) The name of a node.js library to install.
- `no_bin_links` (Boolean) Use the `--no-bin-links` flag when installing.
- `no_optional` (Boolean) Use the `--no-optional` flag when installing.
- `path` (String) The base path where to install the node.js libraries. When `global=true`, then `path` is not used to install the packages.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `production` (Boolean) Install dependencies in production mode, excluding devDependencies.
- `registry` (String) The registry to install modules from.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of the node.js library.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unsafe_perm` (Boolean) Use the `--unsafe-perm` flag when installing.
- `version` (String) The version to be installed.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
