---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_jenkins_credential Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_jenkins_credential (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `jenkins_user` (String) Jenkins user for authentication.

### Optional

- `api_uri` (String) Link to Github API.
- `appID` (String) GitHub App ID.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the credential or domain.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `exc_hostname` (String) List of hostnames to exclude from scope. If a hostname appears in both this list and `inc_hostname`, the hostname is excluded.
- `exc_hostname_port` (String) List of host:port to exclude from scope. If a hostname and port appears in both this list and `inc_hostname_port`, it is excluded.
- `exc_path` (String) List of URL paths to exclude. If a path is also matched by `exc_path`, it is excluded. If you exclude a subpath of a path previously included, that subpath alone is excluded.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `file_path` (String) File path to secret file (for example `type=file` or `type=certificate`). For `type=certificate`, this can be a `.p12` or `.pem` file.
- `force` (Boolean) Force update if the credential already exists, used with `state=present`. If set to `true`, it deletes the existing credential before creating a new one. Always returns R`ignore:changed=true`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `inc_hostname` (String) List of hostnames to include in scope.
- `inc_hostname_port` (String) List of `host:port` to include in scope.
- `inc_path` (String) List of URL paths to include when matching credentials to domains. **Matching is hierarchical**: subpaths of excluded paths are also excluded, even if explicitly included.
- `jenkins_password` (String) Jenkins password for token creation. Required if `type=token`.
- `location` (String) Location of the credential. Either `system` or `folder`. If `location=folder` then `url` must be set to `<jenkins-server>/job/<folder_name>`.
- `name` (String) Name of the token to generate. Required if `type=token`. When generating a new token, do not pass `id`. It is generated automatically. Creating two tokens with the same name generates two distinct tokens with different R`token_uuid` values. Replacing a token with another one of the same name requires deleting the original first using `force=True`.
- `owner` (String) GitHub App owner.
- `passphrase` (String) SSH passphrase if needed.
- `password` (String) Password for credentials types that require it (for example `type=user_and_passs` or `type=certificate`).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_key_path` (String) Path to private key file for PEM certificates or GitHub Apps.
- `schemes` (String) List of schemes (for example `http` or `https`) to match.
- `scope` (String) Jenkins credential domain scope. Deleting a domain scope deletes all credentials within it.
- `secret` (String) Secret text (used when `type=text`).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of the credential.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) Jenkins API token. Required unless `type=token`.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Type of the credential or action.
- `url` (String) Jenkins server URL.
- `username` (String) Username for credentials types that require it (for example `type=ssh_key` or `type=user_and_pass`).

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `details` (String) Return more details in case of errors.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `token_uuid` (String) The generated ID of the token. You pass this value back to the module as `id` to edit or revoke the token later. This should be stored securely, as it is the only time it is returned.
