---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxysql_proxysql_backend_servers Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxysql_proxysql_backend_servers (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `hostname` (String) The ip address at which the mysqld instance can be contacted.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Text field that can be used for any purposed defined by the user. Could be a description of what the host stores, a reminder of when the host was added or disabled, or a JSON processed by some checker script.
- `compression` (Number) If the value of *compression* is greater than 0, new connections to that server will use compression. If omitted the proxysql database default for *compression* is 0.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hostgroup_id` (Number) The hostgroup in which this mysqld instance is included. An instance can be part of one or more hostgroups.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `max_connections` (Number) The maximum number of connections ProxySQL will open to this backend server. If omitted the proxysql database default for *max_connections* is 1000.
- `max_latency_ms` (Number) Ping time is monitored regularly. If a host has a ping time greater than *max_latency_ms* it is excluded from the connection pool (although the server stays ONLINE). If omitted the proxysql database default for *max_latency_ms* is 0.
- `max_replication_lag` (Number) If greater than 0, ProxySQL will regularly monitor replication lag. If replication lag goes above *max_replication_lag*, proxysql will temporarily shun the server until replication catches up. If omitted the proxysql database default for *max_replication_lag* is 0.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) The port at which the mysqld instance can be contacted.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `present` - adds the host, when `absent` - removes the host.
- `status` (String) ONLINE - Backend server is fully operational. OFFLINE_SOFT - When a server is put into `OFFLINE_SOFT` mode, connections are kept in use until the current transaction is completed. This allows to gracefully detach a backend. OFFLINE_HARD - When a server is put into `OFFLINE_HARD` mode, the existing connections are dropped, while new incoming connections aren't accepted either.
If omitted the proxysql database default for *status* is `ONLINE`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_ssl` (Boolean) If *use_ssl* is set to `True`, connections to this server will be made using SSL connections. If omitted the proxysql database default for *use_ssl* is `False`.
- `weight` (Number) The bigger the weight of a server relative to other weights, the higher the probability of the server being chosen from the hostgroup. If omitted the proxysql database default for *weight* is 1.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `stdout` (String) The mysql host modified or removed from proxysql
