---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_pagerduty Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_pagerduty (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) Create a maintenance window or get a list of ongoing windows.
- `token` (String) A pagerduty token, generated on the pagerduty site. It is used for authorization.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `desc` (String) Short description of maintenance window.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hours` (String) Length of maintenance window in hours.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `minutes` (String) Maintenance window in minutes (this is added to the hours).
- `name` (String) PagerDuty unique subdomain. Obsolete. It is not used with PagerDuty REST v2 API.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `requester_id` (String) ID of user making the request. Only needed when creating a maintenance_window.
- `service` (String) A comma separated list of PagerDuty service IDs.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user` (String) PagerDuty user ID. Obsolete. Please, use `token` for authorization.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If `false`, SSL certificates are not validated. This should only be used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates.
- `window_id` (String) ID of maintenance window. Only needed when absent a maintenance_window.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
