---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_pear Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_pear (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the package to install, upgrade, or remove.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) Path to the pear executable.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prompts` (String) List of regular expressions that can be used to detect prompts during pear package installation to answer the expected question. Prompts are processed in the same order as the packages list. You can optionally specify an answer to any question in the list. If no answer is provided, the list item must contain only the regular expression. To specify an answer, the item must be a dictionary with the regular expression as key and the answer as value `my_regular_expression: 'an_answer'`. You can provide a list containing items with or without answer. A prompt list can be shorter or longer than the packages list but it issues a warning. If you want to specify that a package does not need prompts in the middle of a list, `null`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of the package.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
