---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_packet_volume Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_packet_volume (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `project_id` (String) ID of project of the device.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_token` (String) Packet API token. You can also supply it in environment variable `PACKET_API_TOKEN`.
- `billing_cycle` (String) Billing cycle for new volume.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) User-defined description attribute for Packet volume. It is used used as idempotent identifier - if volume with given description exists, new one is not created.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `facility` (String) Location of the volume. Volumes can only be attached to device in the same location.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `locked` (Boolean) Create new volume locked.
- `name` (String) Selector for API-generated name of the volume.
- `plan` (String) `storage_1` for standard tier, `storage_2` for premium (performance) tier. Tiers are described at https://www.packet.com/cloud/storage/.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `size` (Number) Size of the volume in gigabytes.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot_policy` (String) Snapshot policy for new volume.
- `state` (String) Desired state of the volume.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
