---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_controller Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_controller (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `controllers` (String) A list of disk or USB controllers to add or remove. Total 4 disk controllers with the same type are allowed per VM. Total 2 USB controllers are allowed per VM, 1 USB 2.0 and 1 USB 3.0 or 3.1. For specific guest OS, supported controller types please refer to VMware Compatibility Guide.
- `datacenter` (String) The datacenter name to which virtual machine belongs to.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Destination folder, absolute or relative path to find an existing guest. This is a required parameter, only if multiple VMs are found with same name. The folder should include the datacenter. ESX's datacenter is ha-datacenter Examples:    folder: /ha-datacenter/vm    folder: ha-datacenter/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm    folder: datacenter1/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm/folder2
- `gather_disk_controller_facts` (Boolean) Whether to collect existing disk and USB controllers facts only. When this parameter is set to `true`, `controllers` parameter will be ignored.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the instance to manage if known, this is a unique identifier only within a single vCenter instance. This is required if `name` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual machine. This is a required parameter, if parameter `uuid` or `moid` is not supplied.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sleep_time` (Number) The sleep time in seconds after VM reconfigure task completes, used when not get the updated VM controller facts after VM reconfiguration. This parameter is not required. Maximum value is 600.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_instance_uuid` (Boolean) Whether to use the VMware instance UUID rather than the BIOS UUID.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the instance to gather facts if known, this is VMware's unique identifier. This is a required parameter, if parameter `name` or `moid` is not supplied.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `disk_controller_status` (String) metadata about the virtual machine's existing disk controllers or after adding or removing operation
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
