---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_docker_docker_prune Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_docker_docker_prune (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `builder_cache` (Boolean) Whether to prune the builder cache.
- `builder_cache_all` (Boolean) Whether to remove all types of build cache.
- `builder_cache_filters` (String) A dictionary of filter values used for selecting images to delete. For example, `until: 10m`. See [the API documentation](https://docs.docker.com/engine/api/v1.44/#tag/Image/operation/BuildPrune) for more information on possible filters.
- `builder_cache_keep_storage` (String) Amount of disk space to keep for cache in format `<number>[<unit>]`.". Number is a positive integer. Unit can be one of `B` (byte), `K` (kibibyte, 1024B), `M` (mebibyte), `G` (gibibyte), `T` (tebibyte), or `P` (pebibyte). Omitting the unit defaults to bytes.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `containers` (Boolean) Whether to prune containers.
- `containers_filters` (String) A dictionary of filter values used for selecting containers to delete. For example, `until: 24h`. See [the docker documentation](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/container_prune/#filtering) for more information on possible filters.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `images` (Boolean) Whether to prune images.
- `images_filters` (String) A dictionary of filter values used for selecting images to delete. For example, `dangling: true`. See [the docker documentation](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/image_prune/#filtering) for more information on possible filters.
- `networks` (Boolean) Whether to prune networks.
- `networks_filters` (String) A dictionary of filter values used for selecting networks to delete. See [the docker documentation](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/network_prune/#filtering) for more information on possible filters.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `volumes` (Boolean) Whether to prune volumes.
- `volumes_filters` (String) A dictionary of filter values used for selecting volumes to delete. See [the docker documentation](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/volume_prune/#filtering) for more information on possible filters.

### Read-Only

- `builder_cache_caches_deleted` (String) The build caches that were deleted.
- `builder_cache_space_reclaimed` (Number) Amount of reclaimed disk space from builder cache pruning in bytes.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `containers_space_reclaimed` (Number) Amount of reclaimed disk space from container pruning in bytes.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `images_space_reclaimed` (Number) Amount of reclaimed disk space from image pruning in bytes.
- `volumes_space_reclaimed` (Number) Amount of reclaimed disk space from volumes pruning in bytes.
