---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_regmerge Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_regmerge (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `compare_to` (String) The parent key to use when comparing the contents of the registry to the contents of the file.  Needs to be in HKLM or HKCU part of registry. Use a PS-Drive style path for example HKLM:\SOFTWARE not HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE If not supplied, or the registry key is not found, no comparison will be made, and the module will report changed.
- `content` (String) When used instead of `path`, merges the value specified into the Windows registry. It must not include the Byte Order Mark.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `path` (String) The full path including file name to the registry file on the remote machine to be merged
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `compare_to_key_found` (Boolean) whether the parent registry key has been found for comparison
- `compared` (Boolean) whether a comparison has taken place between the registry and the file
- `difference_count` (Number) number of differences between the registry and the file
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
