---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_redfish_config Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_redfish_config (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `baseuri` (String) Base URI of OOB controller.
- `category` (String) Category to execute on OOB controller.
- `command` (String) List of commands to execute on OOB controller.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_token` (String) Security token for authenticating to OOB controller.
- `bios_attributes` (String) Dictionary of BIOS attributes to update.
- `boot_order` (String) List of BootOptionReference strings specifying the BootOrder.
- `ca_path` (String)
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `ciphers` (String)
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hostinterface_config` (String) Setting dict of HostInterface on OOB controller.
- `hostinterface_id` (String) Redfish HostInterface instance ID if multiple HostInterfaces are present.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `network_protocols` (String) Setting dict of manager services to update.
- `nic_addr` (String) EthernetInterface Address string on OOB controller.
- `nic_config` (String) Setting dict of EthernetInterface on OOB controller.
- `password` (String) Password for authenticating to OOB controller.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `power_restore_policy` (String) The desired power state of the system when power is restored after a power loss.
- `resource_id` (String) ID of the System, Manager or Chassis to modify.
- `secure_boot_enable` (Boolean) Setting parameter to enable or disable SecureBoot.
- `service_id` (String) ID of the manager to update.
- `sessions_config` (String) Setting dict of Sessions.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `storage_none_volume_deletion` (Boolean) Indicates if all non-RAID volumes are automatically deleted prior to creating the new volume.
- `storage_subsystem_id` (String) ID of the Storage Subsystem on which the volume is to be created.
- `strip_etag_quotes` (Boolean) Removes surrounding quotes of etag used in `If-Match` header of `PATCH` requests. Only use this option to resolve bad vendor implementation where `If-Match` only matches the unquoted etag string.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Username for authenticating to OOB controller.
- `validate_certs` (String)
- `volume_details` (String) Setting dictionary of volume to be created. If `CapacityBytes` key is not specified in this dictionary, the size of the volume is determined by the Redfish service. It is possible the size is not the maximum available size.
- `volume_ids` (String) List of IDs of volumes to be deleted.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Message with action result or error description.
