---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_hwc_vpc_eip Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_hwc_vpc_eip (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `type` (String) Specifies the EIP type.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `dedicated_bandwidth` (String) Specifies the dedicated bandwidth object.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enterprise_project_id` (String) Specifies the enterprise project ID.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_version` (Number) The value can be 4 (IPv4 address) or 6 (IPv6 address). If this parameter is left blank, an IPv4 address is assigned.
- `ipv4_address` (String) Specifies the obtained IPv4 EIP. The system automatically assigns an EIP if you do not specify it.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port_id` (String) Specifies the port ID. This parameter is returned only when a private IP address is bound with the EIP.
- `shared_bandwidth_id` (String) Specifies the ID of shared bandwidth.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in Huawei Cloud.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timeouts` (String) The timeouts for each operations.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `create_time` (String) Specifies the time (UTC time) when the EIP was assigned.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `ipv6_address` (String) Specifies the obtained IPv6 EIP.
- `private_ip_address` (String) Specifies the private IP address bound with the EIP. This parameter is returned only when a private IP address is bound with the EIP.
