---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_networkfirewall_rule_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_networkfirewall_rule_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the Network Firewall rule group. Exactly one of *arn* and *name* must be provided.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `capacity` (Number) The maximum operating resources that this rule group can use. Once a rule group is created this parameter is immutable. See also the AWS documentation about how capacityis calculated https://docs.aws.amazon.com/network-firewall/latest/developerguide/nwfw-rule-group-capacity.html This option is mandatory when creating a new rule group.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A description of the AWS Network Firewall rule group.
- `domain_list` (String) Inspection criteria for a domain list rule group. When set overwrites all Domain List settings with the new configuration. For more information about domain name based filtering read the AWS documentation https://docs.aws.amazon.com/network-firewall/latest/developerguide/stateful-rule-groups-domain-names.html. Mutually exclusive with *rule_type=stateless*. Mutually exclusive with *ip_variables*, *rule_list* and *rule_strings*. Exactly one of *rule_strings*, *domain_list* or *rule_list* must be specified at creation time.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_variables` (String) A dictionary mapping variable names to a list of IP addresses and address ranges, in CIDR notation. For example `{EXAMPLE_HOSTS:["192.0.2.0/24", "203.0.113.42"]}`. Mutually exclusive with *domain_list*.
- `name` (String) The name of the Network Firewall rule group. When *name* is set, *rule_type* must also be set.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port_variables` (String) A dictionary mapping variable names to a list of ports. For example `{SECURE_PORTS:["22", "443"]}`.
- `purge_ip_variables` (Boolean) Whether to purge variable names not mentioned in the *ip_variables* dictionary. To remove all IP Set Variables it is necessary to explicitly set *ip_variables={}* and *purge_port_variables=true*.
- `purge_port_variables` (Boolean) Whether to purge variable names not mentioned in the *port_variables* dictionary. To remove all Port Set Variables it is necessary to explicitly set *port_variables={}* and *purge_port_variables=true*.
- `rule_list` (String) Inspection criteria to be used for a 5-tuple based rule group. When set overwrites all existing 5-tuple rules with the new configuration. Mutually exclusive with *domain_list* and *rule_strings*. Mutually exclusive with *rule_type=stateless*. Exactly one of *rule_strings*, *domain_list* or *rule_list* must be specified at creation time. For more information about valid values see the AWS documentation https://docs.aws.amazon.com/network-firewall/latest/APIReference/API_StatefulRule.html and https://docs.aws.amazon.com/network-firewall/latest/APIReference/API_Header.html. Note: Idempotency when comparing AWS Web UI and Ansiible managed rules can not be guaranteed
- `rule_order` (String) Indicates how to manage the order of the rule evaluation for the rule group. Once a rule group is created this parameter is immutable. Mutually exclusive with *rule_type=stateless*. For more information on how rules are evaluated read the AWS documentation https://docs.aws.amazon.com/network-firewall/latest/developerguide/suricata-rule-evaluation-order.html.
- `rule_strings` (String) Rules in Suricata format. If *rule_strings* is specified, it must include at least one entry. For more information read the AWS documentation https://docs.aws.amazon.com/network-firewall/latest/developerguide/suricata-limitations-caveats.html and the Suricata documentation https://suricata.readthedocs.io/en/suricata-6.0.0/rules/intro.html. Mutually exclusive with *rule_type=stateless*. Mutually exclusive with *domain_list* and *rule_list*. Exactly one of *rule_strings*, *domain_list* or *rule_list* must be specified at creation time.
- `rule_type` (String) Indicates whether the rule group is stateless or stateful. Stateless rulesets are currently not supported. Required if *name* is set.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or remove the Network Firewall rule group.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether to wait for the firewall rule group to reach the `ACTIVE` or `DELETED` state before the module returns.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) Maximum time, in seconds, to wait for the firewall rule group to reach the expected state. Defaults to 600 seconds.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `rule_group` (String) Details of the rules in the rule group
