---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_kea_command Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_kea_command (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `command` (String) The name of the command to send, for example `status-get`.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `arguments` (String) The arguments sent along with the command, if any. Use `{}` to send an empty arguments dict/object instead of omitting it.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rv_changed` (String) A list of `result` codes to indicate success and changed system state. Omit this for most acquisition commands. Set it to `[0]` for `command=lease4-del` and similar which return changed system state that way. Any `result` codes not listed in either `rv_unchanged` or `rv_changed` are interpreted as indicating an error result. `rv_unchanged` has precedence over `rv_changed` if a result code is in both lists.
- `rv_unchanged` (String) A list of `result` codes to indicate success but unchanged system state. Set this to `[0]` for most acquisition commands. Use `[3]` for `command=lease4-del` and similar which have a separate code for this. Any `result` codes not listed in either `rv_unchanged` or `rv_changed` are interpreted as indicating an error result. `rv_unchanged` has precedence over `rv_changed` if a result code is in both lists.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `socket` (String) The full pathname of the Unix Domain Socket to connect to. The default value is suitable for `kea-dhcp4-server` on Debian trixie. This module directly interfaces using UDS; the HTTP wrappers are not supported.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `response` (String) The server JSON response.
