---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_linode Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_linode (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_key` (String) Linode API key. `LINODE_API_KEY` environment variable can be used instead.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name to give the instance (alphanumeric, dashes, underscore). To keep sanity on the Linode Web Console, name is prepended with `LinodeID-`.

### Optional

- `additional_disks` (String) List of dictionaries for creating additional disks that are added to the Linode configuration settings. Dictionary takes Size, Label, Type. Size is in MB.
- `alert_bwin_enabled` (Boolean) Set status of bandwidth in alerts.
- `alert_bwin_threshold` (Number) Set threshold in MB of bandwidth in alerts.
- `alert_bwout_enabled` (Boolean) Set status of bandwidth out alerts.
- `alert_bwout_threshold` (Number) Set threshold in MB of bandwidth out alerts.
- `alert_bwquota_enabled` (Boolean) Set status of bandwidth quota alerts as percentage of network transfer quota.
- `alert_bwquota_threshold` (Number) Set threshold in MB of bandwidth quota alerts.
- `alert_cpu_enabled` (Boolean) Set status of receiving CPU usage alerts.
- `alert_cpu_threshold` (Number) Set percentage threshold for receiving CPU usage alerts. Each CPU core adds 100% to total.
- `alert_diskio_enabled` (Boolean) Set status of receiving disk IO alerts.
- `alert_diskio_threshold` (Number) Set threshold for average IO ops/sec over 2 hour period.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backupweeklyday` (Number) Day of the week to take backups.
- `backupwindow` (Number) The time window in which backups are taken.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datacenter` (Number) Datacenter to create an instance in (Linode Datacenter).
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `displaygroup` (String) Add the instance to a Display Group in Linode Manager.
- `distribution` (Number) Distribution to use for the instance (Linode Distribution).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `kernel_id` (Number) Kernel to use for the instance (Linode Kernel).
- `linode_id` (Number) Unique ID of a Linode server. This value is read-only in the sense that if you specify it on creation of a Linode it is not used. The Linode API generates these IDs and we can those generated value here to reference a Linode more specifically. This is useful for idempotency.
- `password` (String) Root password to apply to a new server (auto generated if missing).
- `payment_term` (Number) Payment term to use for the instance (payment term in months).
- `plan` (Number) Plan to use for the instance (Linode plan).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_ip` (Boolean) Add private IPv4 address when Linode is created. Default is `false`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssh_pub_key` (String) SSH public key applied to root user.
- `state` (String) Indicate desired state of the resource.
- `swap` (Number) Swap size in MB.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait for the instance to be in state `running` before returning.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long before wait gives up, in seconds.
- `watchdog` (Boolean) Set status of Lassie watchdog.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
