---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_openbsd_pkg Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_openbsd_pkg (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) A name or a list of names of the packages.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `autoremove` (Boolean) Calls `pkg_delete -a` to remove automatically installed packages which are no longer needed.
- `build` (Boolean) Build the package from source instead of downloading and installing a binary. Requires that the port source tree is already installed. Automatically builds and installs the `sqlports` package, if it is not already installed. Mutually exclusive with `snapshot`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clean` (Boolean) When updating or removing packages, delete the extra configuration file(s) in the old packages which are annotated with `@extra` in the packaging-list.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `ports_dir` (String) When used in combination with the `build` option, allows overriding the default ports source directory.
- `quick` (Boolean) Replace or delete packages quickly; do not bother with checksums before removing normal files.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot` (Boolean) Force `%c` and `%m` to expand to `snapshots`, even on a release kernel. Mutually exclusive with `build`.
- `state` (String) `present` ensures the package is installed. `latest` ensures the latest version of the package is installed. `absent` ensures the specified package is not installed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
