---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ipmi_boot Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ipmi_boot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bootdev` (String) Set boot device to use on next reboot. The choices for the device are: `network` -- Request network boot. `floppy` -- Boot from floppy. `hd` -- Boot from hard drive. `safe` -- Boot from hard drive, requesting 'safe mode'. `optical` -- boot from CD/DVD/BD drive. `setup` -- Boot into setup utility. `default` -- remove any IPMI directed boot device request.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Hostname or IP address of the BMC.
- `password` (String) Password to connect to the BMC.
- `user` (String) Username to use to connect to the BMC.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key` (String) Encryption key to connect to the BMC in hex format.
- `persistent` (Boolean) If set, ask that system firmware uses this device beyond next boot. Be aware many systems do not honor this.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) Remote RMCP port.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether to ensure that boot devices is desired. The choices for the state are: - present -- Request system turn on - absent -- Request system turn on.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uefiboot` (Boolean) If set, request UEFI boot explicitly. Strictly speaking, the spec suggests that if not set, the system should BIOS boot and offers no "do not care" option. In practice, this flag not being set does not preclude UEFI boot on any system I have encountered.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `uefimode` (Boolean) If `true`, system firmware uses UEFI boot explicitly beyond next boot.
