---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `advanced_settings` (String) Define a list of advanced settings to be added to the VMX config. An advanced settings object takes the two fields `key` and `value`. Incorrect key and values will be ignored.
- `annotation` (String) A note or annotation to include in the virtual machine.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cdrom` (String) A list of CD-ROM configurations for the virtual machine. For `ide` controller, hot-add or hot-remove CD-ROM is not supported.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster` (String) The cluster name where the virtual machine will run. This is a required parameter, if `esxi_hostname` is not set. `esxi_hostname` and `cluster` are mutually exclusive parameters.
- `convert` (String) Specify convert disk type while cloning template or virtual machine.
- `customization` (String) Parameters for OS customization when cloning from the template or the virtual machine, or apply to the existing virtual machine directly. Not all operating systems are supported for customization with respective vCenter version, please check VMware documentation for respective OS customization. For supported customization operating system matrix, (see http://partnerweb.vmware.com/programs/guestOS/guest-os-customization-matrix.pdf) Linux based OSes requires Perl package to be installed for OS customizations.
- `customization_spec` (String) Unique name identifying the requested customization specification. If set, then overrides `customization` parameter values.
- `customvalues` (String) Define a list of custom values to set on virtual machine. A custom value object takes the two fields `key` and `value`. Incorrect key and values will be ignored.
- `datacenter` (String) Destination datacenter for the deploy operation.
- `datastore` (String) Specify datastore or datastore cluster to provision virtual machine. This parameter takes precedence over `disk[].datastore` parameter. This parameter can be used to override datastore or datastore cluster setting of the virtual machine when deployed from the template. Please see example for more usage.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_from_inventory` (Boolean) Whether to delete Virtual machine from inventory or delete from disk.
- `disk` (String) A list of disks to add. Shrinking disks is not supported. Removing existing disks of the virtual machine is not supported. Attributes `disk[].controller_type`, `disk[].controller_number`, `disk[].unit_number` are used to configure multiple types of disk controllers and disks for creating or reconfiguring virtual machine.
- `encryption` (String) Manage virtual machine encryption settings
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `esxi_hostname` (String) The ESXi hostname where the virtual machine will run. This is a required parameter, if `cluster` is not set. `esxi_hostname` and `cluster` are mutually exclusive parameters.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Destination folder, absolute path to find an existing guest or create the new guest. The folder should include the datacenter. ESXi's datacenter is ha-datacenter. If multiple machines are found with same name, this parameter is used to identify uniqueness of the virtual machine. Examples:    folder: /ha-datacenter/vm    folder: ha-datacenter/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm    folder: datacenter1/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm/folder2
- `force` (Boolean) Ignore warnings and complete the actions. This parameter is useful while removing virtual machine which is powered on state. This module reflects the VMware vCenter API and UI workflow, as such, in some cases the `force` flag will be mandatory to perform the action to ensure you are certain the action has to be taken, no matter what the consequence. This is specifically the case for removing a powered on the virtual machine when `state=absent`.
- `guest_id` (String) Set the guest ID. This field is required when creating a virtual machine, not required when creating from the template. Valid values are referenced here: https://code.vmware.com/apis/358/doc/vim.vm.GuestOsDescriptor.GuestOsIdentifier.html
- `hardware` (String) Manage virtual machine's hardware attributes.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_template` (Boolean) Flag the instance as a template. This will mark the given virtual machine as template. Note, this may need to be done in a dedicated task invocation that is not making any other changes. For example, user cannot change the state from powered-on to powered-off AND save as template in the same task. See `community.vmware.vmware_guest` source for more details.
- `linked_clone` (Boolean) Whether to create a linked clone from the snapshot specified. If specified, then `snapshot_src` is required parameter.
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual machine to work with. Virtual machine names in vCenter are not necessarily unique, which may be problematic, see `name_match`. If multiple virtual machines with same name exists, then `folder` is required parameter to identify uniqueness of the virtual machine. This parameter is required, if `state=poweredon`, `state=powered-on`, `state=poweredoff`, `state=powered-off`, `state=present`, `state=restarted`, `state=suspended` and virtual machine does not exists.
- `name_match` (String) If multiple virtual machines matching the name, use the first or last found.
- `networks` (String) A list of networks (in the order of the NICs). Removing NICs is not allowed, while reconfiguring the virtual machine. The *type*, *ip*, *netmask*, *gateway*, *domain*, *dns_servers* options don't set to a guest when creating a blank new virtual machine. They are set by the customization via vmware-tools. If you want to set the value of the options to a guest, you need to clone from a template with installed OS and vmware-tools (also Perl when Linux).
- `nvdimm` (String) Add or remove a virtual NVDIMM device to the virtual machine. VM virtual hardware version must be 14 or higher on vSphere 6.7 or later. Verify that guest OS of the virtual machine supports PMem before adding virtual NVDIMM device. Verify that you have the *Datastore.Allocate* space privilege on the virtual machine. Make sure that the host or the cluster on which the virtual machine resides has available PMem resources. To add or remove virtual NVDIMM device to the existing virtual machine, it must be in power off state.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resource_pool` (String) Use the given resource pool for virtual machine operation. Resource pool should be child of the selected host parent. When not specified *Resources* is taken as default value.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot_src` (String) Name of the existing snapshot to use to create a clone of a virtual machine. While creating linked clone using `linked_clone` parameter, this parameter is required.
- `state` (String) Specify the state the virtual machine should be in. If `present` and virtual machine exists, ensure the virtual machine configurations conforms to task arguments. If `absent` and virtual machine exists, then the specified virtual machine is removed with it's associated components. If set to one of `poweredon`, `powered-on`, `poweredoff`, `powered-off`, `present`, `restarted`, `suspended` and virtual machine does not exists, virtual machine is deployed with the given parameters. If set to `poweredon` or `powered-on` and virtual machine exists with powerstate other than powered on, then the specified virtual machine is powered on. If set to `poweredoff` or `powered-off` and virtual machine exists with powerstate other than powered off, then the specified virtual machine is powered off. If set to `restarted` and virtual machine exists, then the virtual machine is restarted. If set to `suspended` and virtual machine exists, then the virtual machine is set to suspended mode. If set to `shutdownguest` or `shutdown-guest` and virtual machine exists, then the virtual machine is shutdown. If set to `rebootguest` or `reboot-guest` and virtual machine exists, then the virtual machine is rebooted.
- `state_change_timeout` (Number) If the `state=shutdownguest`, by default the module will return immediately after sending the shutdown signal. If this argument is set to a positive integer, the module will instead wait for the virtual machine to reach the poweredoff state. The value sets a timeout in seconds for the module to wait for the state change.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template` (String) Template or existing virtual machine used to create new virtual machine. If this value is not set, virtual machine is created without using a template. If the virtual machine already exists, this parameter will be ignored. From version 2.8 onwards, absolute path to virtual machine or template can be used.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_instance_uuid` (Boolean) Whether to use the VMware instance UUID rather than the BIOS UUID.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the virtual machine to manage if known, this is VMware's unique identifier. This is required if `name` is not supplied. If virtual machine does not exists, then this parameter is ignored. Please note that a supplied UUID will be ignored on virtual machine creation, as VMware creates the UUID internally.
- `vapp_properties` (String) A list of vApp properties. For full list of attributes and types refer to: https://code.vmware.com/apis/704/vsphere/vim.vApp.PropertyInfo.html
- `wait_for_customization` (Boolean) Wait until vCenter detects all guest customizations as successfully completed. When enabled, the VM will automatically be powered on. If vCenter does not detect guest customization start or succeed, failed events after time `wait_for_customization_timeout` parameter specified, warning message will be printed and task result is fail.
- `wait_for_customization_timeout` (Number) Define a timeout (in seconds) for the wait_for_customization parameter. Be careful when setting this value since the time guest customization took may differ among guest OSes.
- `wait_for_ip_address` (Boolean) Wait until vCenter detects an IP address for the virtual machine. This requires vmware-tools (vmtoolsd) to properly work after creation. vmware-tools needs to be installed on the given virtual machine in order to work with this parameter.
- `wait_for_ip_address_timeout` (Number) Define a timeout (in seconds) for the wait_for_ip_address parameter.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `instance` (String) metadata about the new virtual machine
