---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_lxc_container Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_lxc_container (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of a container.

### Optional

- `archive` (Boolean) When set to `true` the system attempts to create a compressed tarball of the running container. The `archive` option supports LVM backed containers and creates a snapshot of the running container when creating the archive.
- `archive_compression` (String) Type of compression to use when creating an archive of a running container.
- `archive_path` (String) Path the save the archived container. If the path does not exist the archive method attempts to create it.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backing_store` (String) Backend storage type for the container.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clone_name` (String) Name of the new cloned server. This is only used when state is clone.
- `clone_snapshot` (Boolean) Create a snapshot a container when cloning. This is not supported by all container storage backends. Enabling this may fail if the backing store does not support snapshots.
- `config` (String) Path to the LXC configuration file.
- `container_command` (String) Run a command within a container. The `container_command` can be used with any state except `absent`. If used with state `stopped` the container is `started`, the command executed, and then the container `stopped` again. Likewise if `state=stopped` and the container does not exist it is first created, `started`, the command executed, and then `stopped`. If you use a `|` in the variable you can use common script formatting within the variable itself. The `container_command` option always execute as `bash`. When using `container_command`, a log file is created in the `/tmp/` directory which contains both R`ignore:stdout` and R`ignore:stderr` of any command executed.
- `container_config` (String) A list of `key=value` options to use when configuring a container.
- `container_log` (Boolean) Enable a container log for host actions to the container.
- `container_log_level` (String) Set the log level for a container where `container_log` was set.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `directory` (String) Place rootfs directory under DIR.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fs_size` (String) File system Size.
- `fs_type` (String) Create fstype TYPE.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lv_name` (String) Name of the logical volume, defaults to the container name. If not specified, it defaults to `CONTAINER_NAME`.
- `lxc_path` (String) Place container under `PATH`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Define the state of a container. If you clone a container using `clone_name` the newly cloned container created in a stopped state. The running container is stopped while the clone operation is happening and upon completion of the clone the original container state is restored.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template` (String) Name of the template to use within an LXC create.
- `template_options` (String) Template options when building the container.
- `thinpool` (String) Use LVM thin pool called TP.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vg_name` (String) If backend store is lvm, specify the name of the volume group.
- `zfs_root` (String) Create zfs under given zfsroot.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `lxc_container` (String) Container information.
