---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_consul_kv Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_consul_kv (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `key` (String) The key at which the value should be stored.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cas` (String) Used when acquiring a lock with a session. If the `cas` is `0`, then Consul only puts the key if it does not already exist. If the `cas` value is non-zero, then the key is only set if the index matches the ModifyIndex of that key.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datacenter` (String) The name of the datacenter to query. If unspecified, the query defaults to the datacenter of the Consul agent on `host`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `flags` (String) Opaque positive integer value that can be passed when setting a value.
- `host` (String) Host of the Consul agent.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) The port on which the Consul agent is running.
- `recurse` (Boolean) If the key represents a prefix, each entry with the prefix can be retrieved by setting this to `true`.
- `retrieve` (Boolean) If the `state` is `present` and `value` is set, perform a read after setting the value and return this value.
- `scheme` (String) The protocol scheme on which the Consul agent is running.
- `session` (String) The session that should be used to acquire or release a lock associated with a key/value pair.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The action to take with the supplied key and value. If the state is `present` and `value` is set, the key contents is set to the value supplied and R`ignore:changed` is set to `true` only if the value was different to the current contents. If the state is `present` and `value` is not set, the existing value associated to the key is returned. The state `absent` is used to remove the key/value pair, again R`ignore:changed` is set to `true` only if the key actually existed prior to the removal. An attempt can be made to obtain or free the lock associated with a key/value pair with the states `acquire` or `release` respectively. A valid session must be supplied to make the attempt R`ignore:changed` is `true` if the attempt is successful, `false` otherwise.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) The token key identifying an ACL rule set that controls access to the key value pair.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Whether to verify the tls certificate of the Consul agent.
- `value` (String) The value should be associated with the given key, required if `state` is `present`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
