---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_cronvar Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_cronvar (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the crontab variable.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) If set, create a backup of the crontab before it is modified. The location of the backup is returned in the `backup` variable by this module.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cron_file` (String) If specified, uses this file instead of an individual user's crontab. Without a leading `/`, this is assumed to be in `/etc/cron.d`. With a leading `/`, this is taken as absolute.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `insertafter` (String) If specified, the variable is inserted after the variable specified. Used with `state=present`.
- `insertbefore` (String) Used with `state=present`. If specified, the variable is inserted just before the variable specified.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether to ensure that the variable is present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user` (String) The specific user whose crontab should be modified. This parameter defaults to `root` when unset.
- `value` (String) The value to set this variable to. Required if `state=present`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
