---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_decompress Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_decompress (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `src` (String) Remote absolute path for the file to decompress.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dest` (String) The file name of the destination file where the compressed file is decompressed. If the destination file exists, it is truncated and overwritten. If not specified, the destination filename is derived from `src` by removing the compression format extension. For example, when `src` is `/path/to/file.txt.gz` and `format` is `gz`, `dest` is `/path/to/file.txt`. If the `src` file does not have an extension for the current `format`, the `dest` filename is made by appending `_decompressed` to the `src` filename. For instance, when `src` is `/path/to/file.myextension`, the (dest) filename is `/path/to/file.myextension_decompressed`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `format` (String) The type of compression to use to decompress.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remove` (Boolean) Remove original compressed file after decompression.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
