---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_snmp_facts Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_snmp_facts (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) Set to target SNMP server (normally `{{ inventory_hostname }}`).
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `version` (String) SNMP Version to use, `v2`, `v2c` or `v3`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authkey` (String) Authentication key. Required `version=v3`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `community` (String) The SNMP community string, required if `version` is `v2` or `v2c`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `integrity` (String) Hashing algorithm. Required if `version=v3`.
- `level` (String) Authentication level. Required if `version=v3`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `privacy` (String) Encryption algorithm. Required if `level=authPriv`.
- `privkey` (String) Encryption key. Required if `level=authPriv`.
- `retries` (Number) Maximum number of request retries, 0 retries means just a single request.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Username for SNMPv3. Required if `version=v3`.

### Read-Only

- `ansible_facts` (String) The returned facts.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
