---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_packet_ip_subnet Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_packet_ip_subnet (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cidr` (String) IPv4 or IPv6 subnet which you want to manage. It must come from a reserved block for your project in the Packet Host.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_token` (String) Packet API token. You can also supply it in environment variable `PACKET_API_TOKEN`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device_count` (Number) The number of devices to retrieve from the project. The max allowed value is 1000. See https://www.packet.com/developers/api/#retrieve-all-devices-of-a-project for more info.
- `device_id` (String) UUID of a device to/from which to assign/remove a subnet.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hostname` (String) A hostname of a device to/from which to assign/remove a subnet.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project_id` (String) UUID of a project of the device to/from which to assign/remove a subnet.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of the IP subnet on the specified device. With `state=present`, you must specify either `hostname` or `device_id`. Subnet with given CIDR is then assigned to the specified device. With `state=absent`, you can specify either `hostname` or `device_id`. The subnet is then removed from specified devices. If you leave both `hostname` and `device_id` empty, the subnet is then removed from any device it is assigned to.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `subnet` (String) Dict with data about the handled IP subnet.
