---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_x509_certificate_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_x509_certificate_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content` (String) Content of the X.509 certificate in PEM format. Either `path` or `content` must be specified, but not both.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `path` (String) Remote absolute path where the certificate file is loaded from. Either `path` or `content` must be specified, but not both. PEM and DER formats are supported.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `select_crypto_backend` (String) Determines which crypto backend to use. The default choice is `auto`, which tries to use `cryptography` if available. If set to `cryptography`, will try to use the [cryptography](https://cryptography.io/) library. Note that with community.crypto 3.0.0, all values behave the same. This option will be deprecated in a later version. We recommend to not set it explicitly.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `valid_at` (String) A dict of names mapping to time specifications. Every time specified here will be checked whether the certificate is valid at this point. See the R`valid_at` return value for information on the result. Time can be specified either as relative time or as absolute timestamp. Time will always be interpreted as UTC. Valid format is `[+-]timespec | ASN.1 TIME` where timespec can be an integer + `[w | d | h | m | s]` (for example `+32w1d2h`), and ASN.1 TIME (in other words, pattern `YYYYMMDDHHMMSSZ`). Note that all timestamps will be treated as being in UTC.

### Read-Only

- `authority_cert_issuer` (String) The certificate's authority cert issuer as a list of general names. Is `none` if the `AuthorityKeyIdentifier` extension is not present. See `name_encoding` for how IDNs are handled.
- `authority_cert_serial_number` (Number) The certificate's authority cert serial number. Is `none` if the `AuthorityKeyIdentifier` extension is not present. This return value is an **integer**. If you need the serial numbers as a colon-separated hex string, such as `11:22:33`, you need to convert it to that form with `community.crypto.to_serial#filter`.
- `authority_key_identifier` (String) The certificate's authority key identifier. The identifier is returned in hexadecimal, with `:` used to separate bytes. Is `none` if the `AuthorityKeyIdentifier` extension is not present.
- `basic_constraints` (String) Entries in the `basic_constraints` extension, or `none` if extension is not present.
- `basic_constraints_critical` (Boolean) Whether the `basic_constraints` extension is critical.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `expired` (Boolean) Whether the certificate is expired (in other words, `notAfter` is in the past).
- `extended_key_usage` (String) Entries in the `extended_key_usage` extension, or `none` if extension is not present.
- `extended_key_usage_critical` (Boolean) Whether the `extended_key_usage` extension is critical.
- `extensions_by_oid` (String) Returns a dictionary for every extension OID.
- `fingerprints` (String) Fingerprints of the DER-encoded form of the whole certificate. For every hash algorithm available, the fingerprint is computed.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `issuer` (String) The certificate's issuer. Note that for repeated values, only the last one will be returned.
- `issuer_ordered` (String) The certificate's issuer as an ordered list of tuples.
- `issuer_uri` (String) The Issuer URI, if included in the certificate. Will be `none` if no issuer URI is included.
- `key_usage` (String) Entries in the `key_usage` extension, or `none` if extension is not present.
- `key_usage_critical` (Boolean) Whether the `key_usage` extension is critical.
- `not_after` (String) `notAfter` date as ASN.1 TIME.
- `not_before` (String) `notBefore` date as ASN.1 TIME.
- `ocsp_must_staple` (Boolean) `true` if the OCSP Must Staple extension is present, `none` otherwise.
- `ocsp_must_staple_critical` (Boolean) Whether the `ocsp_must_staple` extension is critical.
- `ocsp_uri` (String) The OCSP responder URI, if included in the certificate. Will be `none` if no OCSP responder URI is included.
- `public_key` (String) Certificate's public key in PEM format.
- `public_key_data` (String) Public key data. Depends on the public key's type.
- `public_key_fingerprints` (String) Fingerprints of certificate's public key. For every hash algorithm available, the fingerprint is computed.
- `public_key_type` (String) The certificate's public key's type. One of `RSA`, `DSA`, `ECC`, `Ed25519`, `X25519`, `Ed448`, or `X448`. Will start with `unknown` if the key type cannot be determined.
- `serial_number` (Number) The certificate's serial number. This return value is an **integer**. If you need the serial numbers as a colon-separated hex string, such as `11:22:33`, you need to convert it to that form with `community.crypto.to_serial#filter`.
- `signature_algorithm` (String) The signature algorithm used to sign the certificate.
- `subject` (String) The certificate's subject as a dictionary. Note that for repeated values, only the last one will be returned.
- `subject_alt_name` (String) Entries in the `subject_alt_name` extension, or `none` if extension is not present. See `name_encoding` for how IDNs are handled.
- `subject_alt_name_critical` (Boolean) Whether the `subject_alt_name` extension is critical.
- `subject_key_identifier` (String) The certificate's subject key identifier. The identifier is returned in hexadecimal, with `:` used to separate bytes. Is `none` if the `SubjectKeyIdentifier` extension is not present.
- `subject_ordered` (String) The certificate's subject as an ordered list of tuples.
- `version` (Number) The certificate version.
