---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_hwc_smn_topic Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_hwc_smn_topic (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the topic to be created. The topic name is a string of 1 to 256 characters. It must contain upper- or lower-case letters, digits, hyphens (`-`), and underscores (`_`), and must start with a letter or digit.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `display_name` (String) Topic display name, which is presented as the name of the email sender in an email message. The topic display name contains a maximum of 192 bytes.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in Huawei Cloud.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `create_time` (String) Time when the topic was created.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `push_policy` (Number) Message pushing policy. `0` indicates that the message sending fails and the message is cached in the queue. `1` indicates that the failed message is discarded.
- `topic_urn` (String) Resource identifier of a topic, which is unique.
- `update_time` (String) Time when the topic was updated.
