---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_kinesis_stream Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_kinesis_stream (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the Kinesis Stream you are managing.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encryption_state` (String) Enable or Disable encryption on the Kinesis Stream.
- `encryption_type` (String) The type of encryption. Defaults to `KMS`
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key_id` (String) The GUID or alias for the KMS key.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `retention_period` (Number) The length of time (in hours) data records are accessible after they are added to the stream. The default retention period is 24 hours and can not be less than 24 hours. The maximum retention period is 168 hours. The retention period can be modified during any point in time.
- `shards` (Number) The number of shards you want to have with this stream. This is required when *state=present*
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or Delete the Kinesis Stream.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait for operation to complete before returning.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How many seconds to wait for an operation to complete before timing out.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `retention_period_hours` (Number) Number of hours messages will be kept for a Kinesis Stream.
- `stream_arn` (String) The amazon resource identifier
- `stream_name` (String) The name of the Kinesis Stream.
- `stream_status` (String) The current state of the Kinesis Stream.
