---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_django_manage Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_django_manage (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `command` (String) The name of the Django management command to run. The commands listed below are built in this module and have some basic parameter validation. `collectstatic` - Collects the static files into `STATIC_ROOT`. `createcachetable` - Creates the cache tables for use with the database cache backend. `flush` - Removes all data from the database. `loaddata` - Searches for and loads the contents of the named `fixtures` into the database. `migrate` - Synchronizes the database state with models and migrations. `test` - Runs tests for all installed apps. Custom commands can be entered, but they fail unless they are known to Django. Custom commands that may prompt for user input should be run with the `--noinput` flag. Support for the values `cleanup`, `syncdb`, `validate` was removed in community.general 9.0.0. See note about supported versions of Django.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `project_path` (String) The path to the root of the Django application where `manage.py` lives.

### Optional

- `apps` (String) A list of space-delimited apps to target. Used by the `test` command.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cache_table` (String) The name of the table used for database-backed caching. Used by the `createcachetable` command.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clear` (Boolean) Clear the existing files before trying to copy or link the original file. Used only with the `collectstatic` command. The `--noinput` argument is added automatically.
- `database` (String) The database to target. Used by the `createcachetable`, `flush`, `loaddata`, `syncdb`, and `migrate` commands.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `failfast` (Boolean) Fail the command immediately if a test fails. Used by the `test` command.
- `fixtures` (String) A space-delimited list of fixture file names to load in the database. **Required** by the `loaddata` command.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `link` (Boolean) Creates links to the files instead of copying them, you can only use this parameter with `collectstatic` command.
- `merge` (Boolean) Runs out-of-order or missing migrations as they are not rollback migrations, you can only use this parameter with `migrate` command.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pythonpath` (String) A directory to add to the Python path. Typically used to include the settings module if it is located external to the application directory. This would be equivalent to adding `pythonpath`'s value to the `PYTHONPATH` environment variable.
- `settings` (String) The Python path to the application's settings module, such as `myapp.settings`.
- `skip` (Boolean) Skips over out-of-order missing migrations, you can only use this parameter with `migrate` command.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `testrunner` (String) Controls the test runner class that is used to execute tests. This parameter is passed as-is to `manage.py`.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `virtualenv` (String) An optional path to a `virtualenv` installation to use while running the manage application. The virtual environment must exist, otherwise the module fails.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
