---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_systemd_creds_decrypt Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_systemd_creds_decrypt (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `secret` (String) The secret to decrypt.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The credential name to validate the embedded credential name.
- `newline` (Boolean) Whether to add a trailing newline character to the end of the output, if not present.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timestamp` (String) The timestamp to use to validate the `not-after` timestamp that was used during encryption. Takes a timestamp specification in the format described in `systemd.time(7\`).
- `transcode` (String) Whether to transcode the output before returning it.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user` (String) A user name or numeric UID when decrypting from a specific user context. If set to the special string `self` it sets the user to the user of the calling process. Requires `systemd` 256 or later.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `value` (String) The decrypted secret. Note that Ansible only supports returning UTF-8 encoded strings. If the decrypted secret is binary data, or a string encoded in another way, use `transcode=base64` or `transcode=hex` to circument this restriction. You then need to decode the data when using it, for example using the `ansible.builtin.b64decode#filter` filter.
