---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_wafv2_web_acl Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_wafv2_web_acl (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the web acl.
- `scope` (String) Geographical scope of the web acl.
- `state` (String) Whether the rule is present or absent.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cloudwatch_metrics` (Boolean) Enable cloudwatch metric for wafv2 web acl.
- `custom_response_bodies` (String) A map of custom response keys and content bodies. Define response bodies here and reference them in the rules by providing the key of the body dictionary element. Each element must have a unique dict key and in the dict two keys for *content_type* and *content*.
- `default_action` (String) Default action of the wafv2 web acl.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of wafv2 web acl.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `metric_name` (String) Name of cloudwatch metrics. If not given and cloudwatch_metrics is enabled, the name of the web acl itself will be taken.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_rules` (Boolean) When set to `no`, keep the existing load balancer rules in place. Will modify and add, but will not delete.
- `rules` (String) The Rule statements used to identify the web requests that you want to allow, block, or count. For a list of managed rules see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/developerguide/aws-managed-rule-groups-list.html.
- `sampled_requests` (Boolean) Whether to store a sample of the web requests, true or false.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) web acl arn
- `capacity` (Number) Current capacity of the web acl
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `visibility_config` (String) Visibility config of the web acl
