---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_rabbitmq_rabbitmq_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_rabbitmq_rabbitmq_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `user` (String) Name of user to add

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `configure_priv` (String) Regular expression to restrict configure actions on a resource for the specified vhost. By default all actions are restricted. This option will be ignored when permissions option is used.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Deletes and recreates the user.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `login_host` (String) Hostname of API.
- `login_password` (String) Login password of the management API.
- `login_port` (String) login_port of access from API.
- `login_protocol` (String) Specify which TCP/IP protocol will be used.
- `login_user` (String) Administrator's username the management API.
- `node` (String) erlang node name of the rabbit we wish to configure
- `password` (String) Password of user to add. To change the password of an existing user, you must also specify `update_password=always`.
- `permissions` (String) a list of dicts, each dict contains vhost, configure_priv, write_priv, and read_priv, and represents a permission rule for that vhost. This option should be preferable when you care about all permissions of the user. You should use vhost, configure_priv, write_priv, and read_priv options instead if you care about permissions for just some vhosts.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `read_priv` (String) Regular expression to restrict configure actions on a resource for the specified vhost. By default all actions are restricted. This option will be ignored when permissions option is used.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specify if user is to be added or removed
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `topic_permissions` (String) A list of dicts, each dict contains vhost, exchange, read_priv and write_priv, and represents a topic permission rule for that vhost. By default vhost is `/` and exchange is `amq.topic`. Supported since RabbitMQ 3.7.0. If RabbitMQ is older and topic_permissions are set, the module will fail.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_password` (String) `on_create` will only set the password for newly created users.  `always` will update passwords if they differ.
- `vhost` (String) vhost to apply access privileges. This option will be ignored when permissions option is used.
- `write_priv` (String) Regular expression to restrict configure actions on a resource for the specified vhost. By default all actions are restricted. This option will be ignored when permissions option is used.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
