---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_gunicorn Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_gunicorn (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app` (String) The app module. A name refers to a WSGI callable that should be found in the specified module.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chdir` (String) Chdir to specified directory before apps loading.
- `config` (String) Path to the gunicorn configuration file.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `pid` (String) A filename to use for the PID file. If not set and not found on the configuration file a tmp pid file is created to check a successful run of gunicorn.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user` (String) Switch worker processes to run as this user.
- `venv` (String) Path to the virtualenv directory.
- `worker` (String) The type of workers to use. The default class (sync) should handle most "normal" types of workloads.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `gunicorn` (String) Process ID of gunicorn.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
