---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_unzip Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_unzip (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dest` (String) Destination of zip file (provide absolute path of directory). If it does not exist, the directory will be created.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `src` (String) File to be unzipped (provide absolute path).

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `creates` (String) If this file or directory exists the specified src will not be extracted.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_archive` (Boolean) Remove the zip file, after unzipping.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) If a zip file is encrypted with password. Passing a value to a password parameter requires the PSCX module to be installed.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `recurse` (Boolean) Recursively expand zipped files within the src file. Setting to a value of `yes` requires the PSCX module to be installed.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `removed` (Boolean) Whether the module did remove any files during task run
