---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_utm_aaa_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_utm_aaa_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the object that identifies the entry.

### Optional

- `adirectory_groups` (String) List of adirectory group strings.
- `adirectory_groups_sids` (String) Dictionary of group sids.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backend_match` (String) The backend for the group.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Comment that describes the AAA group.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dynamic` (String) Group type. Is static if none is selected.
- `edirectory_groups` (String) List of edirectory group strings.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipsec_dn` (String) The ipsec dn string.
- `ldap_attribute` (String) The ldap attribute to check against.
- `ldap_attribute_value` (String) The ldap attribute value to check against.
- `members` (String) A list of user ref names (aaa/user).
- `network` (String) The network reference name. The objects contains the known IP addresses for the authentication object (network/aaa).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `radius_groups` (String) A list of radius group strings.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tacacs_groups` (String) A list of tacacs group strings.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) The utm object that was created.
