---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_udm_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_udm_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `username` (String) User name.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `birthday` (String) Birthday.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `city` (String) City of users business address.
- `country` (String) Country of users business address.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `department_number` (String) Department number of users business address.
- `description` (String) Description (not gecos).
- `display_name` (String) Display name (not gecos).
- `email` (String) A list of e-mail addresses.
- `employee_number` (String) Employee number.
- `employee_type` (String) Employee type.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `firstname` (String) First name. Required if `state=present`.
- `gecos` (String) GECOS.
- `groups` (String) POSIX groups, the LDAP DNs of the groups is found with the LDAP filter for each group as $GROUP: `(&(objectClass=posixGroup\`(cn=$GROUP\)\)).
- `home_share` (String) Home NFS share. Must be a LDAP DN, for example `cn=home,cn=shares,ou=school,dc=example,dc=com`.
- `home_share_path` (String) Path to home NFS share, inside the homeShare.
- `home_telephone_number` (String) List of private telephone numbers.
- `homedrive` (String) Windows home drive, for example `"H:"`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lastname` (String) Last name. Required if `state=present`.
- `mail_alternative_address` (String) List of alternative e-mail addresses.
- `mail_home_server` (String) FQDN of mail server.
- `mail_primary_address` (String) Primary e-mail address.
- `mobile_telephone_number` (String) Mobile phone number.
- `organisation` (String) Organisation.
- `ou` (String) Organizational Unit inside the LDAP Base DN, for example `school` for LDAP OU `ou=school,dc=example,dc=com`.
- `overridePWHistory` (Boolean) Override password history.
- `overridePWLength` (Boolean) Override password check.
- `pager_telephonenumber` (String) List of pager telephone numbers.
- `password` (String) Password. Required if `state=present`.
- `phone` (String) List of telephone numbers.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `position` (String) Define the whole position of users object inside the LDAP tree, for example `cn=employee,cn=users,ou=school,dc=example,dc=com`.
- `postcode` (String) Postal code of users business address.
- `primary_group` (String) Primary group. This must be the group LDAP DN. If not specified, it defaults to `cn=Domain Users,cn=groups,$LDAP_BASE_DN`.
- `profilepath` (String) Windows profile directory.
- `pwd_change_next_login` (String) Change password on next login.
- `room_number` (String) Room number of users business address.
- `samba_privileges` (String) Samba privilege, like allow printer administration, do domain join.
- `samba_user_workstations` (String) Allow the authentication only on this Microsoft Windows host.
- `sambahome` (String) Windows home path, for example `'\\\\$FQDN\\$USERNAME'`.
- `scriptpath` (String) Windows logon script.
- `secretary` (String) A list of superiors as LDAP DNs.
- `serviceprovider` (String) Enable user for the following service providers.
- `shell` (String) Login shell.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the user is present or not.
- `street` (String) Street of users business address.
- `subpath` (String) LDAP subpath inside the organizational unit, for example `cn=teachers,cn=users` for LDAP container `cn=teachers,cn=users,dc=example,dc=com`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `title` (String) Title, for example `Prof.`.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unixhome` (String) Unix home directory. If not specified, it defaults to `/home/$USERNAME`.
- `update_password` (String) `always` updates passwords if they differ. `on_create` only sets the password for newly created users.
- `userexpiry` (String) Account expiry date, for example `1999-12-31`. If not specified, it defaults to the current day plus one year.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
