---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_easy_install Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_easy_install (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) A Python library name.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) The explicit executable or a pathname to the executable to be used to run easy_install for a specific version of Python installed in the system. For example `easy_install-3.3`, if there are both Python 2.7 and 3.3 installations in the system and you want to run easy_install for the Python 3.3 installation.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The desired state of the library. `latest` ensures that the latest version is installed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `virtualenv` (String) An optional `virtualenv` directory path to install into. If the `virtualenv` does not exist, it is created automatically.
- `virtualenv_command` (String) The command to create the virtual environment with. For example `pyvenv`, `virtualenv`, `virtualenv2`.
- `virtualenv_site_packages` (Boolean) Whether the virtual environment inherits packages from the global site-packages directory. Note that this setting has no effect on an already existing virtual environment, so if you want to change it, the environment must be deleted and newly created.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
