---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_grafana_grafana_silence Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_grafana_grafana_silence (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `comment` (String) The comment that describes the silence.
- `created_by` (String) The author that creates the silence.
- `ends_at` (String) ISO 8601 Timestamp with milliseconds  e.g. "2029-07-29T08:45:45.000Z" when the silence will end.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `matchers` (String) List of matchers to select which alerts are affected by the silence.
- `starts_at` (String) ISO 8601 Timestamp with milliseconds  e.g. "2029-07-29T08:45:45.000Z" when the silence starts.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `org_id` (Number) The Grafana organization ID where the silence will be created or deleted. Not used when *grafana_api_key* is set, because the grafana_api_key only belongs to one organization. Mutually exclusive with `org_name`.
- `org_name` (String) The Grafana organization name where the silence will be created or deleted. Not used when *grafana_api_key* is set, because the grafana_api_key only belongs to one organization. Mutually exclusive with `org_id`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `skip_version_check` (Boolean) Skip Grafana version check and try to reach api endpoint anyway. This parameter can be useful if you enabled `hide_version` in grafana.ini
- `state` (String) Delete the first occurrence of a silence with the same settings. Can be "absent" or "present".
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `silence` (String) Information about the silence
