---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_lxd_container Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_lxd_container (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of an instance.

### Optional

- `architecture` (String) The architecture for the instance (for example `x86_64` or `i686`). See https://documentation.ubuntu.com/lxd/en/latest/api/#/instances/instance_get.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client_cert` (String) The client certificate file path. If not specified, it defaults to `${HOME}/.config/lxc/client.crt`.
- `client_key` (String) The client certificate key file path. If not specified, it defaults to `${HOME}/.config/lxc/client.key`.
- `config` (String) The config for the instance (for example `{"limits.cpu": "2"}`). See https://documentation.ubuntu.com/lxd/en/latest/api/#/instances/instance_get. If the instance already exists and its "config" values in metadata obtained from the LXD API https://documentation.ubuntu.com/lxd/en/latest/api/#/instances/instance_get are different, then this module tries to apply the configurations https://documentation.ubuntu.com/lxd/en/latest/api/#/instances/instance_put. The keys starting with `volatile.` are ignored for this comparison when `ignore_volatile_options=true`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `devices` (String) The devices for the instance (for example `{ "rootfs": { "path": "/dev/kvm", "type": "unix-char" }}`). See https://documentation.ubuntu.com/lxd/en/latest/api/#/instances/instance_get.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `ephemeral` (Boolean) Whether or not the instance is ephemeral (for example `true` or `false`). See https://documentation.ubuntu.com/lxd/en/latest/api/#/instances/instance_get.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_stop` (Boolean) If this is `true`, the `lxd_container` forces to stop the instance when it stops or restarts the instance.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_volatile_options` (Boolean) If set to `true`, options starting with `volatile.` are ignored. As a result, they are reapplied for each execution. This default behavior can be changed by setting this option to `false`. The default value changed from `true` to `false` in community.general 6.0.0.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `profiles` (String) Profile to be used by the instance.
- `project` (String) Project of an instance. See https://documentation.ubuntu.com/lxd/en/latest/projects/.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snap_url` (String) The unix domain socket path when LXD is installed by snap package manager.
- `source` (String) The source for the instance (for example `{ "type": "image", "mode": "pull", "server": "https://cloud-images.ubuntu.com/releases/", "protocol": "simplestreams", "alias": "22.04" }`). See https://documentation.ubuntu.com/lxd/en/latest/api/ for complete API documentation. Note that `protocol` accepts two choices: `lxd` or `simplestreams`.
- `state` (String) Define the state of an instance.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target` (String) For cluster deployments. It attempts to create an instance on a target node. If the instance exists elsewhere in a cluster, then it is not replaced nor moved. The name should respond to same name of the node you see in `lxc cluster list`.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trust_password` (String) The client trusted password. You need to set this password on the LXD server before running this module using the following command: `lxc config set core.trust_password <some random password>`. See https://www.stgraber.org/2016/04/18/lxd-api-direct-interaction/. If trust_password is set, this module send a request for authentication before sending any requests.
- `type` (String) Instance type can be either `virtual-machine` or `container`.
- `url` (String) The unix domain socket path or the https URL for the LXD server.
- `wait_for_container` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the tasks wait until the task reports a success status when performing container operations.
- `wait_for_ipv4_addresses` (Boolean) If this is `true`, the `lxd_container` waits until IPv4 addresses are set to the all network interfaces in the instance after starting or restarting.

### Read-Only

- `actions` (String) List of actions performed for the instance.
- `addresses` (String) Mapping from the network device name to a list of IPv4 addresses in the instance.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `logs` (String) The logs of requests and responses.
- `old_state` (String) The old state of the instance.
