---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ldap_entry Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ldap_entry (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attributes` (String) If `state=present`, attributes necessary to create an entry. Existing entries are never modified. To assert specific attribute values on an existing entry, use `community.general.ldap_attrs` module instead. Each attribute value can be a string for single-valued attributes or a list of strings for multi-valued attributes. If you specify values for this option in YAML, please note that you can improve readability for long string values by using YAML block modifiers as seen in the examples for this module. Note that when using values that YAML/ansible-core interprets as other types, like `yes`, `no` (booleans), or `2.10` (float), make sure to quote them if these are meant to be strings. Otherwise the wrong values may be sent to LDAP.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `objectClass` (String) If `state=present`, value or list of values to use when creating the entry. It can either be a string or an actual list of strings.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `recursive` (Boolean) If `state=delete`, a flag indicating whether a single entry or the whole branch must be deleted.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The target state of the entry.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
