---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_usergroup Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_usergroup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the user group to create, update or delete.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `debug_mode` (String) Whether debug mode is enabled or disabled.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gui_access` (String) Frontend authentication method of the users in the group. Possible values: default -  use the system default authentication method; internal - use internal authentication; LDAP - use LDAP authentication; disable - disable access to the frontend.
- `hostgroup_rights` (String) Host group permissions to assign to the user group For => Zabbix 7.0
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rights` (String) Permissions to assign to the group For <= Zabbix 6.0
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the user group. On `present`, it will create if user group does not exist or update the user group if the associated data is different. On `absent` will remove a user group if it exists.
- `status` (String) Whether the user group is enabled or disabled.
- `tag_filters` (String) Tag based permissions to assign to the group
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `templategroup_rights` (String) Template group permissions to assign to the user group For => Zabbix 7.0
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `userdirectory` (String) Authentication user directory when gui_access set to LDAP or System default. For => Zabbix 7.0

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) The result of the operation
- `usergroup` (String) User group name.
- `usrgrpid` (String) User group id, if created, changed or deleted.
