---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_iis_website Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_iis_website (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Names of web site.

### Optional

- `application_pool` (String) The application pool in which the new site executes.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hostname` (String) The host header to bind to / use for the new site.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip` (String) The IP address to bind to / use for the new site.
- `parameters` (String) Custom site Parameters from string where properties are separated by a pipe and property name/values by colon Ex. "foo:1|bar:2" Some custom parameters that you can use are listed below, this isn't a definitive list but some common parameters. `logfile.directory` - Physical path to store Logs, e.g. `D:\IIS-LOGs\`. `logfile.period` - Log file rollover scheduled accepting these values, how frequently the log file should be rolled-over, e.g. `Hourly, Daily, Weekly, Monthly`. `logfile.LogFormat` - Log file format, by default IIS uses `W3C`. `logfile.truncateSize` - The size at which the log file contents will be trunsted, expressed in bytes.
- `physical_path` (String) The physical path on the remote host to use for the new site. The specified folder must already exist.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) The port to bind to / use for the new site.
- `site_id` (String) Explicitly set the IIS numeric ID for a site. Note that this value cannot be changed after the website has been created.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the web site
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
