---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_ecs_task Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_ecs_task (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `operation` (String) Which task operation to execute. When *operation=run* *task_definition* must be set. When *operation=start* both *task_definition* and *container_instances* must be set. When *operation=stop* both *task_definition* and *task* must be set.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster` (String) The name of the cluster to run the task on. If not specified, the cluster name will be `default`.
- `container_instances` (String) The list of container instances on which to deploy the task.
- `count` (Number) How many new instances to start.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `launch_type` (String) The launch type on which to run your service.
- `network_configuration` (String) Network configuration of the service. Only applicable for task definitions created with *network_mode=awsvpc*.
- `overrides` (String) A dictionary of values to pass to the new instances.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `started_by` (String) A value showing who or what started the task (for informational purposes).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `task` (String) The ARN of the task to stop.
- `task_definition` (String) The task definition to start, run or stop.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether or not to wait for the desired state.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
