---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_datastore_cluster Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_datastore_cluster (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datastore_cluster_name` (String) The name of the datastore cluster.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `automation_level` (String) Run SDRS automated or manually.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datacenter_name` (String) The name of the datacenter. You must specify either a `datacenter_name` or a `folder`. Mutually exclusive with `folder` parameter.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable_io_loadbalance` (Boolean) Whether or not storage DRS takes into account storage I/O workload when making load balancing and initial placement recommendations.
- `enable_sdrs` (Boolean) Whether or not storage DRS is enabled.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Destination folder, absolute path to place datastore cluster in. The folder should include the datacenter. You must specify either a `folder` or a `datacenter_name`. Examples:    folder: /datacenter1/datastore    folder: datacenter1/datastore    folder: /datacenter1/datastore/folder1    folder: datacenter1/datastore/folder1    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/datastore    folder: folder1/datacenter1/datastore    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/datastore/folder2
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `keep_vmdks_together` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not each VM in this datastore cluster should have its virtual disks on the same datastore by default.
- `loadbalance_interval` (Number) Specify the interval in minutes that storage DRS runs to load balance among datastores.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If the datastore cluster should be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) information about datastore cluster operation
