---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_hwc_vpc_port Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_hwc_vpc_port (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `subnet_id` (String) Specifies the ID of the subnet to which the port belongs.

### Optional

- `admin_state_up` (Boolean) Specifies the administrative state of the port.
- `allowed_address_pairs` (String) Specifies a set of zero or more allowed address pairs.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `extra_dhcp_opts` (String) Specifies the extended option of DHCP.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_address` (String) Specifies the port IP address.
- `name` (String) Specifies the port name. The value can contain no more than 255 characters.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `security_groups` (String) Specifies the ID of the security group.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in Huawei Cloud.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timeouts` (String) The timeouts for each operations.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `mac_address` (String) Specifies the port MAC address.
