---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_zfs_delegate_admin Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_zfs_delegate_admin (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) File system or volume name, for example `rpool/myfs`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `descendents` (Boolean) Apply permissions to `name`'s descendents (`zfs allow -d`).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `everyone` (Boolean) Apply permissions to everyone.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `groups` (String) List of groups to whom permission(s) should be granted.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `local` (Boolean) Apply permissions to `name` locally (`zfs allow -l`).
- `permissions` (String) The list of permission(s) to delegate (required if `state=present`). Supported permissions depend on the ZFS version in use. See for example https://openzfs.github.io/openzfs-docs/man/8/zfs-allow.8.html for OpenZFS.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `recursive` (Boolean) Unallow permissions recursively (ignored when `state=present`).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether to allow (`present`), or unallow (`absent`) a permission. When set to `present`, at least one "entity" param of `users`, `groups`, or `everyone` are required. When set to `absent`, removes permissions from the specified entities, or removes all permissions if no entity params are specified.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `users` (String) List of users to whom permission(s) should be granted.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
