---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_python_requirements_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_python_requirements_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dependencies` (String) A list of version-likes or module names to check for installation. Supported operators: `<`, `>`, `<=`, `>=`, or `==`. The bare module name like `ansible`, the module with a specific version like `boto3==1.6.1`, or a partial version like `requests>2` are all valid specifications.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `mismatched` (String) A dictionary of dependencies that did not satisfy the desired version.
- `not_found` (String) A list of packages that could not be imported at all, and are not installed.
- `python` (String) Path to the Python interpreter used.
- `python_system_path` (String) List of paths Python is looking for modules in.
- `python_version` (String) Version of Python.
- `python_version_info` (String) Breakdown version of Python.
- `valid` (String) A dictionary of dependencies that matched their desired versions. If no version was specified, then R`ignore:desired` is `null`.
