---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_trigger Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_trigger (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of trigger to create or delete. Overrides "description" in API docs. Cannot be changed. If a trigger's name needs to be changed, it needs to deleted and recreated

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dependencies` (String) list of triggers that this trigger is dependent on
- `desc` (String) Additional description of the trigger. Overrides "comments" in API docs.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host_name` (String) Name of host to add trigger to. Required when *template_name* is not used. Mutually exclusive with *template_name*.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `params` (String) Parameters to create/update trigger with. Required if state is "present". Parameters as defined at https://www.zabbix.com/documentation/current/en/manual/api/reference/trigger/object Additionally supported parameters are below.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or delete trigger.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template_name` (String) Name of template to add trigger to. Required when *host_name* is not used. Mutually exclusive with *host_name*.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
