---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_glue_connection Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_glue_connection (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the connection.
- `state` (String) Create or delete the AWS Glue connection.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `availability_zone` (String) Availability Zone used by the connection Required when *connection_type=NETWORK*.
- `catalog_id` (String) The ID of the Data Catalog in which to create the connection. If none is supplied, the AWS account ID is used by default.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connection_properties` (String) A dict of key-value pairs used as parameters for this connection. Required when *state=present*.
- `connection_type` (String) The type of the connection. Currently, SFTP is not supported.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the connection.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `match_criteria` (String) A list of UTF-8 strings that specify the criteria that you can use in selecting this connection.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `security_groups` (String) A list of security groups to be used by the connection. Use either security group name or ID. Required when *connection_type=NETWORK*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `subnet_id` (String) The subnet ID used by the connection. Required when *connection_type=NETWORK*.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creation_time` (String) The time this connection definition was created.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `last_updated_time` (String) The last time this connection definition was updated.
- `physical_connection_requirements` (String) A dict of physical connection requirements, such as VPC and SecurityGroup, needed for making this connection successfully.
- `raw_connection_properties` (String) A dict of key-value pairs used as parameters for this connection.
