---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_wait_for_process Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_wait_for_process (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `owner` (String) The owner of the process. Requires PowerShell version 4.0 or newer.
- `pid` (Number) The PID of the process.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `post_wait_delay` (Number) Seconds to wait after checking for processes.
- `pre_wait_delay` (Number) Seconds to wait before checking processes.
- `process_min_count` (Number) Minimum number of process matching the supplied pattern to satisfy `present` condition. Only applies to `present`.
- `process_name_exact` (String) The name of the process(es) for which to wait.  The name of the process(es) should not include the file extension suffix.
- `process_name_pattern` (String) RegEx pattern matching desired process(es).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sleep` (Number) Number of seconds to sleep between checks. Only applies when waiting for a process to start.  Waiting for a process to start does not have a native non-polling mechanism. Waiting for a stop uses native PowerShell and does not require polling.
- `state` (String) When checking for a running process `present` will block execution until the process exists, or until the timeout has been reached. `absent` will block execution until the process no longer exists, or until the timeout has been reached. When waiting for `present`, the module will return changed only if the process was not present on the initial check but became present on subsequent checks. If, while waiting for `absent`, new processes matching the supplied pattern are started, these new processes will not be included in the action.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `elapsed` (Number) The elapsed seconds between the start of poll and the end of the module.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `matched_processes` (String) List of matched processes (either stopped or started).
