---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_sap_libs_sapcar_extract Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_sap_libs_sapcar_extract (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) The path to the SAR/CAR file.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `binary_path` (String) The path to the SAPCAR binary, for example, `/home/dummy/sapcar` or `https://myserver/SAPCAR`. If this parameter is not provided, the module will look in `PATH`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dest` (String) The destination where SAPCAR extracts the SAR file. Missing folders will be created. If this parameter is not provided, it will unpack in the same folder as the SAR file.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `manifest` (String) The name of the manifest.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remove` (Boolean) If `true`, the SAR/CAR file will be removed. **This should be used with caution!**
- `security_library` (String) The path to the security library, for example, `/usr/sap/hostctrl/exe/libsapcrytp.so`, for signature operations.
- `signature` (Boolean) If `true`, the signature will be extracted.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
