---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_mysql_mysql_query Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_mysql_mysql_query (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `query` (String) SQL query to run. Multiple queries can be passed using YAML list syntax. Must be a string or YAML list containing strings. If you use *named_args* or *positional_args* any `%` will be interpreted as a formatting character. All literal `%` characters in the query should be escaped as `%%`. Note that if you use the `IF EXISTS/IF NOT EXISTS` clauses in your query and `mysqlclient` or `PyMySQL 0.10.0+` connectors, the module will report that the state has been changed even if it has not. If it is important in your workflow, use the `PyMySQL 0.9.3` connector instead.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `login_db` (String) Name of database to connect to and run queries against.
- `named_args` (String) Dictionary of key-value arguments to pass to the query. Mutually exclusive with *positional_args*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `positional_args` (String) List of values to be passed as positional arguments to the query. Mutually exclusive with *named_args*.
- `session_vars` (String) Dictionary of session variables in form of `variable: value` to set at the beginning of module execution. Cannot be used to set global variables, use the `community.mysql.mysql_variables` module instead.
- `single_transaction` (Boolean) Where passed queries run in a single transaction (`yes`) or commit them one-by-one (`no`).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `executed_queries` (String) List of executed queries.
- `execution_time_ms` (String) A list containing execution time per query in milliseconds. The measurements are done right before and after passing the query to the driver for execution.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `query_result` (String) List of lists (sublist for each query) containing dictionaries in column:value form representing returned rows.
- `rowcount` (String) Number of affected rows for each subquery.
