---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_routeros_api_find_and_modify Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_routeros_api_find_and_modify (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `find` (String) Fields to search for. The module will only consider entries in the given `path` that match all fields provided here. Use YAML `~`, or prepend keys with `!`, to specify an unset value. Note that if the dictionary specified here is empty, every entry in the path will be matched.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) Path to query. An example value is `ip address`. This is equivalent to running `/ip address` in the RouterOS CLI.
- `values` (String) On all entries matching the conditions in `find`, set the keys of this option to the values specified here. Use YAML `~`, or prepend keys with `!`, to specify to unset a value.

### Optional

- `allow_no_matches` (Boolean) Whether to allow that no match is found. If not specified, this value is induced from whether `require_matches_min` is 0 or larger.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_builtin` (Boolean) Whether to ignore builtin entries. By default, they are considered (`false`). If set to `true`, they are not considered. It is generally recommended to set this to `true` unless when you really need to modify builtin entries. Note that the current default (`false`) is **deprecated** and will change to `true` in community.routeros 4.0.0.
- `ignore_dynamic` (Boolean) Whether to ignore dynamic entries. By default, they are considered (`false`). If set to `true`, they are not considered. It is generally recommended to set this to `true` unless when you really need to modify dynamic entries. Note that the current default (`false`) is **deprecated** and will change to `true` in community.routeros 4.0.0.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `require_matches_max` (Number) Make sure that there are no more matches than this number. If there are more matches, fail instead of modifying anything. If not specified, there is no upper limit.
- `require_matches_min` (Number) Make sure that there are no less matches than this number. If there are less matches, fail instead of modifying anything.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `match_count` (Number) The number of entries that matched the criteria in `find`.
- `modify__count` (Number) The number of entries that were modified.
- `new_data` (String) A list of all elements for the current path after a change was made.
- `old_data` (String) A list of all elements for the current path before a change was made.
