---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_mail Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_mail (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `subject` (String) The subject of the email being sent.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attach` (String) A list of pathnames of files to attach to the message. Attached files have their content-type set to `application/octet-stream`.
- `bcc` (String) The email-address(es) the mail is being 'blind' copied to. This is a list, which may contain address and phrase portions.
- `body` (String) The body of the email being sent.
- `cc` (String) The email-address(es) the mail is being copied to. This is a list, which may contain address and phrase portions.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `charset` (String) The character set of email being sent.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `ehlohost` (String) Allows for manual specification of host for EHLO.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) A list of headers which should be added to the message. Each individual header is specified as `header=value` (see example below).
- `host` (String) The mail server.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `message_id_domain` (String) The domain name to use for the [Message-ID header]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Message-ID).
- `password` (String) If SMTP requires password.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) The mail server port. This must be a valid integer between `1` and `65534`.
- `secure` (String) If `always`, the connection only sends email if the connection is Encrypted. If the server does not accept the encrypted connection it fails. If `try`, the connection attempts to setup a secure SSL/TLS session, before trying to send. If `never`, the connection does not attempt to setup a secure SSL/TLS session, before sending. If `starttls`, the connection tries to upgrade to a secure SSL/TLS connection, before sending. If it is unable to do so it fails.
- `sender` (String) The email-address the mail is sent from. May contain address and phrase.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `subtype` (String) The minor mime type, can be either `plain` or `html`. The major type is always `text`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `to` (String) The email-address(es) the mail is being sent to. This is a list, which may contain address and phrase portions.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) If SMTP requires username.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
