---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_map Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_map (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the map.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `data` (String) Graph written in DOT language.
- `default_image` (String) Name of the Zabbix image used to display the element if this element doesn't have the `zbx_image` attribute defined.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `expand_problem` (Boolean) Whether the problem trigger will be displayed for elements with a single problem.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `height` (Number) Height of the map.
- `highlight` (Boolean) Whether icon highlighting is enabled.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `label_type` (String) Map element label type.
- `margin` (Number) Size of white space between map's borders and its elements.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the map. On `present`, it will create if map does not exist or update the map if the associated data is different. On `absent` will remove the map if it exists.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `width` (Number) Width of the map.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
