---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_grafana_grafana_team Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_grafana_grafana_team (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) The mail address associated with the Team.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the Grafana Team.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enforce_members` (Boolean) Delete the members not found in the `members` parameters from the list of members found on the Team.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `members` (String) List of team members (emails). The list can be enforced with `enforce_members` parameter.
- `org_id` (Number) Grafana organization ID in which the team should be created. Not used when `grafana_api_key` is set, because the `grafana_api_key` only belongs to one organization. Mutually exclusive with `org_name`.
- `org_name` (String) Grafana organization name in which the team should be created. Not used when `grafana_api_key` is set, because the `grafana_api_key` only belongs to one organization. Mutually exclusive with `org_id`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `skip_version_check` (Boolean) Skip Grafana version check and try to reach api endpoint anyway. This parameter can be useful if you enabled `hide_version` in grafana.ini
- `state` (String) Delete the members not found in the `members` parameters from the list of members found on the Team.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `team` (String) Information about the Team
