---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_psexec Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_psexec (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `executable` (String) The executable to run on the Windows host.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `hostname` (String) The remote Windows host to connect to, can be either an IP address or a hostname.

### Optional

- `arguments` (String) Any arguments as a single string to use when running the executable.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `asynchronous` (Boolean) Will run the command as a detached process and the module returns immediately after starting the process while the process continues to run in the background. The *stdout* and *stderr* return values will be null when this is set to `yes`. The *stdin* option does not work with this type of process. The *rc* return value is not set when this is `yes`
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connection_password` (String) The password for *connection_user*. Required if the Kerberos requirements are not installed or the username is a local account to the Windows host. Can be omitted to use a Kerberos principal ticket for the principal set by *connection_user* if the Kerberos library is installed and the ticket has already been retrieved with the `kinit` command before.
- `connection_timeout` (Number) The timeout in seconds to wait when receiving the initial SMB negotiate response from the server.
- `connection_username` (String) The username to use when connecting to the remote Windows host. This user must be a member of the `Administrators` group of the Windows host. Required if the Kerberos requirements are not installed or the username is a local account to the Windows host. Can be omitted to use the default Kerberos principal ticket in the local credential cache if the Kerberos library is installed. If *process_username* is not specified, then the remote process will run under a Network Logon under this account.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encrypt` (Boolean) Will use SMB encryption to encrypt the SMB messages sent to and from the host. This requires the SMB 3 protocol which is only supported from Windows Server 2012 or Windows 8, older versions like Windows 7 or Windows Server 2008 (R2) must set this to `no` and use no encryption. When setting to `no`, the packets are in plaintext and can be seen by anyone sniffing the network, any process options are included in this.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `integrity_level` (String) The integrity level of the process when *process_username* is defined and is not equal to `System`. When `default`, the default integrity level based on the system setup. When `elevated`, the command will be run with Administrative rights. When `limited`, the command will be forced to run with non-Administrative rights.
- `interactive` (Boolean) Will run the process as an interactive process that shows a process Window of the Windows session specified by *interactive_session*. The *stdout* and *stderr* return values will be null when this is set to `yes`. The *stdin* option does not work with this type of process.
- `interactive_session` (Number) The Windows session ID to use when displaying the interactive process on the remote Windows host. This is only valid when *interactive* is `yes`. The default is `0` which is the console session of the Windows host.
- `load_profile` (Boolean) Runs the remote command with the user's profile loaded.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) The port that the remote SMB service is listening on.
- `priority` (String) Set the command's priority on the Windows host. See https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/ms683211.aspx for more details.
- `process_password` (String) The password for *process_username*. Required if *process_username* is defined and not `System`.
- `process_timeout` (Number) The timeout in seconds that is placed upon the running process. A value of `0` means no timeout.
- `process_username` (String) The user to run the process as. This can be set to run the process under an Interactive logon of the specified account which bypasses limitations of a Network logon used when this isn't specified. If omitted then the process is run under the same account as *connection_username* with a Network logon. Set to `System` to run as the builtin SYSTEM account, no password is required with this account. If *encrypt* is `no`, the username and password are sent as a simple XOR scrambled byte string that is not encrypted. No special tools are required to get the username and password just knowledge of the protocol.
- `show_ui_on_logon_screen` (Boolean) Shows the process UI on the Winlogon secure desktop when *process_username* is `System`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `stdin` (String) Data to send on the stdin pipe once the process has started. This option has no effect when *interactive* or *asynchronous* is `yes`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `working_directory` (String) Changes the working directory set when starting the process.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Any exception details when trying to run the process
- `pid` (Number) The process ID of the asynchronous process that was created
- `rc` (Number) The return code of the remote process
- `stderr` (String) The stderr from the remote process
- `stdout` (String) The stdout from the remote process
