---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_register_operation Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_register_operation (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specify VM name to be registered in the inventory.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster` (String) Specify a cluster name to register VM.
- `datacenter` (String) Destination datacenter for the register/unregister operation.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `esxi_hostname` (String) The ESXi hostname where the virtual machine will run.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Description folder, absolute path of the target folder. The folder should include the datacenter. ESX's datacenter is ha-datacenter. Examples:    folder: /ha-datacenter/vm    folder: ha-datacenter/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm    folder: datacenter1/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: datacenter1/vm/folder1
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `path` (String) Specify the path of vmx file. Examples:     [datastore1] vm/vm.vmx     [datastore1] vm/vm.vmtx
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resource_pool` (String) Specify a resource pool name to register VM. Resource pool should be child of the selected host parent.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specify the state the virtual machine should be in. if set to `present`, register VM in inventory. if set to `absent`, unregister VM from inventory.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template` (Boolean) Whether to register VM as a template.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the virtual machine to manage if known, this is VMware's unique identifier. If virtual machine does not exists, then this parameter is ignored.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
