---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_portgroup Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_portgroup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `portgroup` (String) Portgroup name to add.
- `switch` (String) vSwitch to modify.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of cluster name for host membership. Portgroup will be created on all hosts of the given cluster. This option is required if `hosts` is not specified.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hosts` (String) List of name of host or hosts on which portgroup needs to be added. This option is required if `cluster_name` is not specified.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `security` (String) Network policy specifies layer 2 security settings for a portgroup such as promiscuous mode, where guest adapter listens to all the packets, MAC address changes and forged transmits. Dict which configures the different security values for portgroup.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Determines if the portgroup should be present or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `teaming` (String) Dictionary which configures the different teaming values for portgroup.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `traffic_shaping` (String) Dictionary which configures traffic shaping for the switch.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vlan_id` (Number) VLAN ID to assign to portgroup. Set to 0 (no VLAN tagging) by default.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) metadata about the portgroup
