---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_stacki_host Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_stacki_host (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the host to be added to Stacki.
- `stacki_endpoint` (String) URL for the Stacki API Endpoint.
- `stacki_password` (String) Password for authenticating with Stacki API, but if not specified, the environment variable `stacki_password` is used instead.
- `stacki_user` (String) Username for authenticating with Stacki API, but if not specified, the environment variable `stacki_user` is used instead.

### Optional

- `appliance` (String) Appliance to be used in host creation. Required if `state=present` and host does not yet exist.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_install` (Boolean) Set value to `true` to force node into install state if it already exists in stacki.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `network` (String) Network to be configured in the host. Currently not used by the module.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prim_intf` (String) Name of the primary network interface. Currently not used by the module.
- `prim_intf_ip` (String) IP Address for the primary network interface. Currently not used by the module.
- `prim_intf_mac` (String) MAC Address for the primary PXE boot network interface. Currently not used by the module.
- `rack` (Number) Rack to be used in host creation. Required if `state=present` and host does not yet exist.
- `rank` (Number) Rank to be used in host creation. In Stacki terminology, the rank is the position of the machine in a rack. Required if `state=present` and host does not yet exist.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Set value to the desired state for the specified host.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
