---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_directconnect_connection Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_directconnect_connection (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) The state of the Direct Connect connection.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bandwidth` (String) The bandwidth of the Direct Connect connection. Required when *state=present*.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connection_id` (String) The ID of the Direct Connect connection. Modifying attributes of a connection with *forced_update* will result in a new Direct Connect connection ID. One of *connection_id* or *name* must be specified.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `forced_update` (Boolean) To modify *bandwidth* or *location* the connection needs to be deleted and recreated. By default this will not happen.  This option must be explicitly set to `true` to change *bandwith* or *location*.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `link_aggregation_group` (String) The ID of the link aggregation group you want to associate with the connection. This is optional when a stand-alone connection is desired.
- `location` (String) Where the Direct Connect connection is located. Required when *state=present*.
- `name` (String) The name of the Direct Connect connection. This is required to create a new connection. One of *connection_id* or *name* must be specified.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `connection` (String) The attributes of the direct connect connection.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
