---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_read_csv Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_read_csv (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) The CSV filename to read data from.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delimiter` (String) A one-character string used to separate fields. When using this parameter, you change the default value used by `dialect`. The default value depends on the dialect used.
- `dialect` (String) The CSV dialect to use when parsing the CSV file. Possible values include `excel`, `excel-tab` or `unix`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fieldnames` (String) A list of field names for every column. This is needed if the CSV does not have a header.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key` (String) The column name used as a key for the resulting dictionary. If `key` is unset, the module returns a list of dictionaries, where each dictionary is a row in the CSV file.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `skipinitialspace` (Boolean) Whether to ignore any whitespaces immediately following the delimiter. When using this parameter, you change the default value used by `dialect`. The default value depends on the dialect used.
- `strict` (Boolean) Whether to raise an exception on bad CSV input. When using this parameter, you change the default value used by `dialect`. The default value depends on the dialect used.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unique` (Boolean) Whether the `key` used is expected to be unique.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dict` (String) The CSV content as a dictionary.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `list` (String) The CSV content as a list.
