---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_x509_certificate Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_x509_certificate (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) Remote absolute path where the generated certificate file should be created or is already located.

### Optional

- `acme_directory` (String)
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file including a timestamp so you can get the original certificate back if you overwrote it with a new one by accident.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `csr_content` (String)
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ownca_content` (String)
- `ownca_privatekey_content` (String)
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `privatekey_content` (String)
- `provider` (String) Name of the provider to use to generate/retrieve the OpenSSL certificate. Please see the examples on how to emulate it with `community.crypto.x509_certificate_info`, `community.crypto.openssl_csr_info`, `community.crypto.openssl_privatekey_info` and `ansible.builtin.assert`. Required if `state` is `present`. The `entrust` provider has been removed from community.crypto 3.0.0 due to sunsetting of the ECS API.
- `return_content` (Boolean) If set to `true`, will return the (current or generated) certificate's content as R`certificate`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the certificate should exist or not, taking action if the state is different from what is stated.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `backup_file` (String) Name of backup file created.
- `certificate` (String) The (current or generated) certificate's content.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `filename` (String) Path to the generated certificate.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
