---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ipa_vault Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ipa_vault (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cn` (String) Vault name. Can not be changed as it is the unique identifier.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipavaultpublickey` (String) Public key.
- `ipavaultsalt` (String) Vault Salt.
- `ipavaulttype` (String) Vault types are based on security level.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `replace` (Boolean) Force replace the existent vault on IPA server.
- `service` (String) Any service can own one or more service vaults. Mutually exclusive with `user`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State to ensure.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Any user can own one or more user vaults. Mutually exclusive with `service`.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Validate IPA server certificates.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vault` (String) Vault as returned by IPA API.
