---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_owner Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_owner (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `new_owner` (String) Role (user/group) to set as an *obj_name* owner.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `fail_on_role` (Boolean) If `true`, fail when *reassign_owned_by* role does not exist. Otherwise just warn and continue. Mutually exclusive with *obj_name* and *obj_type*.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `login_db` (String) Name of database to connect to. The `db` alias is deprecated and will be removed in version 5.0.0.
- `obj_name` (String) Name of a database object to change ownership. Mutually exclusive with *reassign_owned_by*.
- `obj_type` (String) Type of a database object. Mutually exclusive with *reassign_owned_by*. *obj_type=matview* is available since PostgreSQL 9.3. *obj_type=event_trigger*, *obj_type=procedure*, *obj_type=publication*, *obj_type=statistics*, and *obj_type=routine* are available since PostgreSQL 11.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reassign_owned_by` (String) Caution - the ownership of all the objects within the specified *db*, owned by this role(s) will be reassigned to *new_owner*. REASSIGN OWNED is often used to prepare for the removal of one or more roles. REASSIGN OWNED does not affect objects within other databases. Execute this command in each database that contains objects owned by a role that is to be removed. If role(s) exists, always returns changed True. Cannot reassign ownership of objects that are required by the database system. Mutually exclusive with `obj_type`.
- `session_role` (String) Switch to session_role after connecting. The specified session_role must be a role that the current login_user is a member of. Permissions checking for SQL commands is carried out as though the session_role were the one that had logged in originally.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trust_input` (Boolean) If `false`, check whether values of parameters *new_owner*, *obj_name*, *reassign_owned_by*, *session_role* are potentially dangerous. It makes sense to use `false` only when SQL injections via the parameters are possible.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `queries` (String) List of executed queries.
