---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_systemd_creds_encrypt Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_systemd_creds_encrypt (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `secret` (String) The secret to encrypt.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The credential name to embed in the encrypted credential data.
- `not_after` (String) The time when the credential shall not be used anymore. Takes a timestamp specification in the format described in `systemd.time(7\`).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pretty` (Boolean) Pretty print the output so that it may be pasted directly into a unit file.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timestamp` (String) The timestamp to embed into the encrypted credential. Takes a timestamp specification in the format described in `systemd.time(7\`).
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user` (String) A user name or numeric UID to encrypt the credential for. If set to the special string `self` it sets the user to the user of the calling process. Requires `systemd` 256 or later.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `value` (String) The Base64 encoded encrypted secret.
