---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_keycloak_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_keycloak_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `username` (String) Username for the user.

### Optional

- `access` (String) List user access.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attributes` (String) List of user attributes.
- `auth_username` (String)
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client_consents` (String) Client Authenticator Type.
- `credentials` (String) User credentials.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disableable_credential_types` (String) List user Credential Type.
- `email` (String) User email.
- `email_verified` (Boolean) Check the validity of user email.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled user.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `federated_identities` (String) List of IDPs of user.
- `federation_link` (String) Federation Link.
- `first_name` (String) The user's first name.
- `force` (Boolean) If `true`, allows to remove user and recreate it.
- `groups` (String) List of groups for the user. Groups can be referenced by their name, like `staff`, or their path, like `/staff/engineering`. The path syntax allows you to reference subgroups, which is not possible otherwise. Using the path is possible since community.general 10.6.0.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `last_name` (String) The user's last name.
- `origin` (String) User origin.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `realm` (String) The name of the realm in which is the client.
- `required_actions` (String) RequiredActions user Auth.
- `self` (String) User self administration.
- `service_account_client_id` (String) Description of the client Application.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Control whether the user should exists or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `end_state` (String) Representation of the user after module execution.
- `existing` (String) Representation of the existing user.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `proposed` (String) Representation of the proposed user.
- `user_created` (Boolean) Indicates whether a user was created.
