---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_opendj_backendprop Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_opendj_backendprop (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `backend` (String) The name of the backend on which the property needs to be updated.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `hostname` (String) The hostname of the OpenDJ server.
- `name` (String) The configuration setting to update.
- `port` (String) The Admin port on which the OpenDJ instance is available.
- `value` (String) The value for the configuration item.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `opendj_bindir` (String) The path to the bin directory of OpenDJ.
- `password` (String) The password for `username`. Either `password` or `passwordfile` is needed.
- `passwordfile` (String) Location to the password file which holds the password for `username`. Either `password` or `passwordfile` is needed.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If configuration needs to be added/updated.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) The username to connect with.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
