---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_nic Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_nic (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `interface` (String) Name of the interface, should be `net[n]` where `1 Ōēż n Ōēż 31`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bridge` (String) Add this interface to the specified bridge device. The Proxmox VE default bridge is called `vmbr0`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of nameŌåÆvalue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `firewall` (Boolean) Whether this interface should be protected by the firewall.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `link_down` (Boolean) Whether this interface should be disconnected (like pulling the plug).
- `mac` (String) `XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX` should be a unique MAC address. This is automatically generated if not specified. When not specified this module will keep the MAC address the same when changing an existing interface.
- `model` (String) The NIC emulator model.
- `mtu` (Number) Force MTU, for `virtio` model only, setting will be ignored otherwise. Set to `1` to use the bridge MTU. Value should be `1 Ōēż n Ōēż 65520`.
- `name` (String) Specifies the VM name. Only used on the configuration web interface. Required only for `state=present`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `queues` (Number) Number of packet queues to be used on the device. Value should be `0 Ōēż n Ōēż 16`.
- `rate` (Number) Rate limit in MBps (MegaBytes per second) as floating point number.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicates desired state of the NIC.
- `tag` (Number) VLAN tag to apply to packets on this interface. Value should be `1 Ōēż n Ōēż 4094`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trunks` (String) List of VLAN trunks to pass through this interface.
- `vmid` (Number) Specifies the instance ID.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) A short message.
