---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_acme_certificate_order_create Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_acme_certificate_order_create (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `deactivate_authzs` (Boolean) Deactivate authentication objects (authz) when issuing the certificate failed. Authentication objects are bound to an account key and remain valid for a certain amount of time, and can be used to issue certificates without having to re-authenticate the domain. This can be a security concern.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `order_creation_error_strategy` (String) Selects the error handling strategy for ACME protocol errors if creating a new ACME order fails.
- `order_creation_max_retries` (Number) Depending on the strategy selected in `order_creation_error_strategy`, will retry creating new orders for at most the specified amount of times.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `profile` (String) Chose a specific profile for certificate selection. The available profiles depend on the CA. See [a blog post by Let's Encrypt]( https://letsencrypt.org/2025/01/09/acme-profiles/) and [draft-aaron-acme-profiles-00]( https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-aaron-acme-profiles/) for more information.
- `replaces_cert_id` (String) If provided, will request the order to replace the certificate identified by this certificate ID according to [Section 5 of RFC 9773]( https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9773.html#section-5). This certificate ID must be computed as specified in [Section 4.1 of RFC 9773]( https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9773.html#section-4.1). It is returned as return value R`community.crypto.acme_certificate_renewal_info#module:cert_id` of the `community.crypto.acme_certificate_renewal_info` module. ACME servers might refuse to create new orders that indicate to replace a certificate for which an active replacement order already exists. This can happen if this module is used to create an order, and then the playbook/role fails in case the challenges cannot be set up. If the playbook/role does not record the order data to continue with the existing order, but tries to create a new one on the next run, creating the new order might fail. If `order_creation_error_strategy=fail` this will make the module fail. `order_creation_error_strategy=auto` and `order_creation_error_strategy=retry_without_replaces_cert_id` will avoid this by leaving away `replaces` on retries. If `order_creation_error_strategy=fail`, for the above reason, this option should only be used if the role/playbook using it keeps track of order data accross restarts, or if it takes care to deactivate orders whose processing is aborted. Orders can be deactivated with the `community.crypto.acme_certificate_deactivate_authz` module.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `account_uri` (String) ACME account URI.
- `challenge_data` (String) For every identifier, provides the challenge information. Only challenges which are not yet valid are returned.
- `challenge_data_dns` (String) List of TXT values per DNS record for `dns-01` challenges. Only challenges which are not yet valid are returned.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `order_uri` (String) ACME order URI.
