---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_gitlab_runner Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_gitlab_runner (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) The unique name of the runner.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `access_level` (String) Determines if a runner can pick up jobs only from protected branches. If `access_level_on_creation` is not explicitly set to `true`, this option is ignored on registration and is only applied on updates. If set to `not_protected`, runner can pick up jobs from both protected and unprotected branches. If set to `ref_protected`, runner can pick up jobs only from protected branches. Before community.general 8.0.0 the default was `ref_protected`. This was changed to no default in community.general 8.0.0. If this option is not specified explicitly, GitLab uses `not_protected` on creation, and the value set is not changed on any updates.
- `access_level_on_creation` (Boolean) Whether the runner should be registered with an access level or not. If set to `true`, the value of `access_level` is used for runner registration. If set to `false`, GitLab registers the runner with the default access level. The default of this option changed to `true` in community.general 7.0.0. Before, it was `false`.
- `active` (Boolean) Define if the runners is immediately active after creation. Mutually exclusive with `paused`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `group` (String) ID or full path of the group in the form group/subgroup. Mutually exclusive with `owned` and `project`. Must be group's numeric ID if `registration_token` is not set and `state=present`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `locked` (Boolean) Determines if the runner is locked or not.
- `maximum_timeout` (Number) The maximum time that a runner has to complete a specific job. Use `0` to disable the timeout. This is available since community.general 12.1.0.
- `owned` (Boolean) Searches only runners available to the user when searching for existing, when false admin token required. Mutually exclusive with `project` since community.general 4.5.0. Mutually exclusive with `group`.
- `paused` (Boolean) Define if the runners is active or paused after creation. Mutually exclusive with `active`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) ID or full path of the project in the form of group/name. Mutually exclusive with `owned` since community.general 4.5.0. Mutually exclusive with `group`. Must be project's numeric ID if `registration_token` is not set and `state=present`.
- `registration_token` (String) The registration token is used to register new runners before GitLab 16.0. Required if `state=present` for GitLab < 16.0. If set, the runner is created using the old runner creation workflow. If not set, the runner is created using the new runner creation workflow, introduced in GitLab 16.0. If not set, requires python-gitlab >= 4.0.0.
- `run_untagged` (Boolean) Run untagged jobs or not.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Make sure that the runner with the same name exists with the same configuration or delete the runner with the same name.
- `tag_list` (String) The tags that apply to the runner.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error` (String) The error message returned by the GitLab API.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Success or failure message.
- `result` (String) JSON-parsed response from the server.
- `runner` (String) API object.
