---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_mongodb_mongodb_role Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_mongodb_mongodb_role (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The name of the database to add/remove the role from.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the role to add or remove.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authenticationRestrictions` (String) The authentication restrictions the server enforces on the role. Specifies a list of IP addresses and CIDR ranges users granted this role are allowed to connect to and/or which they can connect from. Provide a list of dictionaries with the following fields: clientSource (list), serverAddress (list). Provide an empty list if you don't want to use the field.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `debug` (Boolean) Enable extra debugging output.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `privileges` (String) The privileges to grant the role. A privilege consists of a resource and permitted actions.
- `replica_set` (String) Replica set to connect to (automatically connects to primary for writes).
- `roles` (String) The database user roles should be provided as a dictionary with the db and role keys.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The database user state.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `user` (String) The name of the role to add or remove.
