---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_resource_pool Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_resource_pool (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datacenter` (String) Name of the datacenter.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `resource_pool` (String) Resource pool name to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster` (String) Name of the cluster to configure the resource pool. This parameter is required if `esxi_hostname` or `parent_resource_pool` is not specified. The `cluster`, `esxi_hostname` and `parent_resource_pool` parameters are mutually exclusive.
- `cpu_allocation_shares` (Number) The number of cpu shares allocated. This value is only set if `cpu_shares=custom`.
- `cpu_expandable_reservations` (Boolean) In a resource pool with an expandable reservation, the reservation on a resource pool can grow beyond the specified value.
- `cpu_limit` (Number) The utilization of a virtual machine/resource pool will not exceed this limit, even if there are available resources. The default value -1 indicates no limit.
- `cpu_reservation` (Number) Amount of resource that is guaranteed available to the virtual machine or resource pool.
- `cpu_shares` (String) Memory shares are used in case of resource contention.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `esxi_hostname` (String) Name of the host to configure the resource pool. The host must not be member of a cluster. This parameter is required if `cluster` or `parent_resource_pool` is not specified. The `cluster`, `esxi_hostname` and `parent_resource_pool` parameters are mutually exclusive.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mem_allocation_shares` (Number) The number of memory shares allocated. This value is only set if `mem_shares=custom`.
- `mem_expandable_reservations` (Boolean) In a resource pool with an expandable reservation, the reservation on a resource pool can grow beyond the specified value.
- `mem_limit` (Number) The utilization of a virtual machine/resource pool will not exceed this limit, even if there are available resources. The default value -1 indicates no limit.
- `mem_reservation` (Number) Amount of resource that is guaranteed available to the virtual machine or resource pool.
- `mem_shares` (String) Memory shares are used in case of resource contention.
- `parent_resource_pool` (String) Name of the parent resource pool. This parameter is required if `cluster` or `esxi_hostname` is not specified. The `cluster`, `esxi_hostname` and `parent_resource_pool` parameters are mutually exclusive.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Add or remove the resource pool
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `instance` (String) metadata about the new resource pool
- `resource_pool_config` (String) config data about the resource pool, version added 1.4.0
