---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_openssl_privatekey_pipe Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_openssl_privatekey_pipe (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content` (String) The current private key data. Needed for idempotency. If not provided, the module will always return a change, and all idempotence-related options are ignored.
- `content_base64` (Boolean) Set to `true` if the content is base64 encoded.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `regenerate` (String) Allows to configure in which situations the module is allowed to regenerate private keys. The module will always generate a new key if the destination file does not exist. By default, the key will be regenerated when it does not match the module's options, except when the key cannot be read or the passphrase does not match. Please note that this **changed** for Ansible 2.10. For Ansible 2.9, the behavior was as if `full_idempotence` is specified. If set to `never`, the module will fail if the key cannot be read or the passphrase is not matching, and will never regenerate an existing key. If set to `fail`, the module will fail if the key does not correspond to the module's options. If set to `partial_idempotence`, the key will be regenerated if it does not conform to the module's options. The key is **not** regenerated if it cannot be read (broken file), the key is protected by an unknown passphrase, or when they key is not protected by a passphrase, but a passphrase is specified. If set to `full_idempotence`, the key will be regenerated if it does not conform to the module's options. This is also the case if the key cannot be read (broken file), the key is protected by an unknown passphrase, or when they key is not protected by a passphrase, but a passphrase is specified. Make sure you have a **backup** when using this option! If set to `always`, the module will always regenerate the key. Note that if `format_mismatch` is set to `convert` and everything matches except the format, the key will always be converted, except if `regenerate` is set to `always`.
- `return_current_key` (Boolean) Set to `true` to return the current private key when the module did not generate a new one. Note that in case of check mode, when this option is not set to `true`, the module always returns the current key (if it was provided) and Ansible will replace it by `VALUE_SPECIFIED_IN_NO_LOG_PARAMETER`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `curve` (String) Elliptic curve used to generate the TLS/SSL private key.
- `fingerprint` (String) The fingerprint of the public key. Fingerprint will be generated for each `hashlib.algorithms` available.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `privatekey` (String) The generated private key's content. Please note that if the result is not changed, the current private key will only be returned if the `return_current_key` option is set to `true`. Will be Base64-encoded if the key is in raw format.
- `size` (Number) Size (in bits) of the TLS/SSL private key.
- `type` (String) Algorithm used to generate the TLS/SSL private key.
