---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ali_instance Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ali_instance (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `allocate_public_ip` (Boolean) Whether allocate a public IP for the new instance.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_renew` (Boolean) Whether automate renew the charge of the instance.
- `auto_renew_period` (Number) The duration of the automatic renew the charge of the instance. Required when `auto_renew=true`.
- `availability_zone` (String) Aliyun availability zone ID in which to launch the instance. If it is not specified, it is allocated by system automatically.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `count` (Number) The number of the new instance. An integer value which indicates how many instances that match `count_tag` should be running. Instances are either created or terminated based on this value.
- `count_tag` (String) `count` determines how many instances based on a specific tag criteria should be present. This can be expressed in multiple ways and is shown in the EXAMPLES section. The specified count_tag must already exist or be passed in as the `tags` option. If it is not specified, it is replaced by `instance_name`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of ECS instance, which is a string of 2 to 256 characters. It cannot begin with `http://` or `https://`.
- `dry_run` (Boolean) Specifies whether to send a dry-run request. If `dry_run=true`, Only a dry-run request is sent and no instance is created. The system checks whether the required parameters are set, and validates the request format, service permissions, and available ECS instances. If the validation fails, the corresponding error code is returned. If the validation succeeds, the DryRunOperation error code is returned. If `dry_run=false`, a request is sent. If the validation succeeds, the instance is created.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Whether the current operation needs to be execute forcibly.
- `host_name` (String) Instance host name. Ordered hostname is not supported.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `image_id` (String) Image ID used to launch instances. Required when `state=present` and creating new ECS instances.
- `include_data_disks` (Boolean) Whether to change instance disks charge type when changing instance charge type.
- `instance_charge_type` (String) The charge type of the instance.
- `instance_ids` (String) A list of instance IDs. It is required when need to operate existing instances. If it is specified, `count` is ignored.
- `instance_name` (String) The name of ECS instance, which is a string of 2 to 128 Chinese or English characters. It must begin with an uppercase/lowercase letter or a Chinese character and can contain numerals, `.`, `_` or `-`. It cannot begin with `http://` or `https://`.
- `instance_type` (String) Instance type used to launch instances. Required when `state=present` and creating new ECS instances.
- `internet_charge_type` (String) Internet charge type of ECS instance.
- `key_name` (String) The name of key pair which is used to access ECS instance in SSH.
- `max_bandwidth_in` (Number) Maximum incoming bandwidth from the public network, measured in Mbps (Megabits per second).
- `max_bandwidth_out` (Number) Maximum outgoing bandwidth to the public network, measured in Mbps (Megabits per second). Required when `allocate_public_ip=true`. Ignored when `allocate_public_ip=false`.
- `password` (String) The password to login instance. After rebooting instances, modified password is effective.
- `period` (Number) The charge duration of the instance, in months. Required when `instance_charge_type=PrePaid`. The valid value are [`1-9`, `12`, `24`, `36`].
- `period_unit` (String) The duration unit that you are buying the resource. It is valid when `instance_charge_type=PrePaid`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_tags` (Boolean) Delete any tags not specified in the task that are on the instance. If `true`, it means you have to specify all the desired tags on each task affecting an instance.
- `ram_role_name` (String) The name of the instance RAM role.
- `security_groups` (String) A list of security group IDs.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `spot_price_limit` (Number) The maximum hourly price for the preemptible instance. This parameter supports a maximum of three decimal places and takes effect when the SpotStrategy parameter is set to SpotWithPriceLimit.
- `spot_strategy` (String) The bidding mode of the pay-as-you-go instance. This parameter is valid when `instance_charge_type=PostPaid`.
- `state` (String) The state of the instance after operating.
- `system_disk_category` (String) Category of the system disk.
- `system_disk_description` (String) Description of the system disk.
- `system_disk_name` (String) Name of the system disk.
- `system_disk_size` (Number) Size of the system disk, in GB. The valid values are `40`~`500`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unique_suffix` (Boolean) Specifies whether to add sequential suffixes to the host_name. The sequential suffix ranges from 001 to 999.
- `user_data` (String) User-defined data to customize the startup behaviors of an ECS instance and to pass data into an ECS instance. It only takes effect when launching the new ECS instances.
- `vswitch_id` (String) The subnet ID in which to launch the instances (VPC).

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `ids` (String) List of ECS instance IDs.
- `instances` (String) List of ECS instances.
