---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_iso_extract Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_iso_extract (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dest` (String) The destination directory to extract files to.
- `files` (String) A list of files to extract from the image. Extracting directories does not work.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `image` (String) The ISO image to extract files from.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) The path to the `7z` executable to use for extracting files from the ISO. If not provided, it assumes the value `7z`.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) If `true`, it replaces the remote file when contents are different than the source. If `false`, the file is only extracted and copied if the destination does not already exist.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) Password used to decrypt files from the ISO. It is only used if `7z` is used. The password is used as a command line argument to 7z. This is a **potential security risk** that allows passwords to be revealed if someone else can list running processes on the same machine in the right moment.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
