---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_consul_auth_method Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_consul_auth_method (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies a name for the ACL auth method. The name can contain alphanumeric characters, dashes `-`, and underscores `_`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config` (String) The raw configuration to use for the chosen auth method. Contents vary depending upon the `type` chosen. Required when the auth method is created.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Free form human readable description of the auth method.
- `display_name` (String) An optional name to use instead of `name` when displaying information about this auth method.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `max_token_ttl` (String) This specifies the maximum life of any token created by this auth method. Can be specified in the form of `60s` or `5m` (that is, 60 seconds or 5 minutes, respectively).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the token should be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token_locality` (String) Defines the kind of token that this auth method should produce.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The type of auth method being configured. This field is immutable. Required when the auth method is created.

### Read-Only

- `auth_method` (String) The auth method as returned by the Consul HTTP API.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `operation` (String) The operation performed.
