---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_jenkins_script Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_jenkins_script (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `script` (String) The groovy script to be executed. This gets passed as a string Template if args is defined.

### Optional

- `args` (String) A dict of key-value pairs used in formatting the script using string.Template (see https://docs.python.org/2/library/string.html#template-strings).
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) The password to connect to the jenkins server with.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) The jenkins server to execute the script against. The default is a local jenkins instance that is not being proxied through a webserver.
- `user` (String) The username to connect to the jenkins server with.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If set to `false`, the SSL certificates are not validated. This should only set to `false` used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates as it avoids verifying the source site.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `output` (String) Result of script.
