---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_gitlab_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_gitlab_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the group you want to create.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_devops_enabled` (Boolean) Default to Auto DevOps pipeline for all projects within this group.
- `avatar_path` (String) Absolute path image to configure avatar. File size should not exceed 200 kb. This option is only used on creation, not for updates.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `default_branch` (String) All merge requests and commits are made against this branch unless you specify a different one.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A description for the group.
- `enabled_git_access_protocol` (String) `all` means SSH and HTT`S` is enabled. `ssh` means only SSH is enabled. `http` means only HTT`S` is enabled. Only available for top level groups.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_delete` (Boolean) Force delete group even if projects in it. Used only when `state=absent`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lfs_enabled` (Boolean) Projects in this group can use Git LFS.
- `lock_duo_features_enabled` (Boolean) Enforce GitLab Duo features for all subgroups. Only available for top level groups.
- `membership_lock` (Boolean) Users cannot be added to projects in this group.
- `mentions_disabled` (Boolean) Group mentions are disabled.
- `parent` (String) Allow to create subgroups. ID or Full path of parent group in the form of group/name.
- `path` (String) The path of the group you want to create, this is `api_url`/`path`. If not supplied, `name` is used.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prevent_forking_outside_group` (Boolean) Prevent forking outside of the group.
- `prevent_sharing_groups_outside_hierarchy` (Boolean) Members cannot invite groups outside of this group and its subgroups. Only available for top level groups.
- `project_creation_level` (String) Determine if developers can create projects in the group.
- `request_access_enabled` (Boolean) Users can request access (if visibility is public or internal).
- `require_two_factor_authentication` (Boolean) Require all users in this group to setup two-factor authentication.
- `service_access_tokens_expiration_enforced` (Boolean) Service account token expiration. Changes do not affect existing token expiration dates. Only available for top level groups.
- `share_with_group_lock` (Boolean) Projects cannot be shared with other groups.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or delete group. Possible values are present and absent.
- `subgroup_creation_level` (String) Allowed to create subgroups.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `two_factor_grace_period` (String) Delay 2FA enforcement (hours).
- `visibility` (String) Default visibility of the group.
- `wiki_access_level` (String) `enabled` means everyone can access the wiki. `private` means only members of this group can access the wiki. `disabled` means group-level wiki is disabled.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error` (String) The error message returned by the GitLab API.
- `group` (String) API object.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Success or failure message.
- `result` (String) JSON-parsed response from the server.
