---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_consul_binding_rule Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_consul_binding_rule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_method` (String) The name of the auth method that this rule applies to.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies a name for the binding rule. Note: This is used to identify the binding rule. But since the API does not support a name, it is prefixed to the description.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bind_name` (String) The name to bind to a token at login-time. What it binds to can be adjusted with different values of the `bind_type` parameter.
- `bind_type` (String) Specifies the way the binding rule affects a token created at login.
- `bind_vars` (String) Specifies the templated policy variables when `bind_type` is set to `templated-policy`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Free form human readable description of the binding rule.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `selector` (String) Specifies the expression used to match this rule against valid identities returned from an auth method validation. If empty this binding rule matches all valid identities returned from the auth method.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the binding rule should be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `binding_rule` (String) The binding rule as returned by the Consul HTTP API.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `operation` (String) The operation performed.
