---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_iis_webbinding Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_iis_webbinding (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Names of web site.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `certificate_hash` (String) Certificate hash (thumbprint) for the SSL binding. The certificate hash is the unique identifier for the certificate.
- `certificate_store_name` (String) Name of the certificate store where the certificate for the binding is located.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host_header` (String) The host header to bind to / use for the new site. If you are creating/removing a catch-all binding, omit this parameter rather than defining it as '*'.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip` (String) The IP address to bind to / use for the new site.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) The port to bind to / use for the new site.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol to be used for the Web binding (usually HTTP, HTTPS, or FTP).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssl_flags` (String) This parameter is only valid on Server 2012 and newer. Primarily used for enabling and disabling server name indication (SNI). Set to `0` to disable SNI. Set to `1` to enable SNI.
- `state` (String) State of the binding.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `binding_info` (String) Information on the binding being manipulated
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `operation_type` (String) The type of operation performed Can be removed, updated, matched, or added
- `website_state` (String) The state of the website being targetted Can be helpful in case you accidentally cause a binding collision which can result in the targetted site being stopped
