---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_sendkey Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_sendkey (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster` (String) The name of cluster where the virtual machine is running. This is a required parameter, if `esxi_hostname` is not set. `esxi_hostname` and `cluster` are mutually exclusive.
- `datacenter` (String) The datacenter name to which virtual machine belongs to.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `esxi_hostname` (String) The ESXi hostname where the virtual machine is running. This is a required parameter, if `cluster` is not set. `esxi_hostname` and `cluster` are mutually exclusive.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Destination folder, absolute or relative path to find an existing guest. This is a required parameter, only if multiple VMs are found with same name. The folder should include the datacenter. ESXi server's datacenter is ha-datacenter. Examples:    folder: /ha-datacenter/vm    folder: ha-datacenter/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm    folder: datacenter1/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm/folder2
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `keys_send` (String) The list of the keys will be sent to the virtual machine. Valid values are `ENTER`, `ESC`, `BACKSPACE`, `TAB`, `SPACE`, `CAPSLOCK`, `HOME`, `DELETE`, `END`, `CTRL_ALT_DEL`, `CTRL_C`, `CTRL_X` and `F1` to `F12`, `RIGHTARROW`, `LEFTARROW`, `DOWNARROW`, `UPARROW`, `WINDOWS`. If both `keys_send` and `string_send` are specified, keys in `keys_send` list will be sent in front of the `string_send`.
- `moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the instance to manage if known, this is a unique identifier only within a single vCenter instance. This is required if `name` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual machine. This is a required parameter, if parameter `uuid` or `moid` is not supplied.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sleep_time` (Number) Sleep time in seconds between two keys or string sent to the virtual machine. API is faster than actual key or string send to virtual machine, this parameter allow to control delay between keys and/or strings.
- `string_send` (String) The string will be sent to the virtual machine. This string can contain valid special character, alphabet and digit on the keyboard. If both `keys_send` and `string_send` are specified, keys in `keys_send` list will be sent in front of the `string_send`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the instance to gather facts if known, this is VMware's unique identifier. This is a required parameter, if parameter `name` or `moid` is not supplied.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `sendkey_info` (String) display the keys and the number of keys sent to the virtual machine
