---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_cross_vc_clone Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_cross_vc_clone (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `destination_datastore` (String) The name of the destination datastore or the datastore cluster. If datastore cluster name is specified, we will find the Storage DRS recommended datastore in that cluster.
- `destination_host` (String) The name of the destination host.
- `destination_vcenter` (String) The hostname or IP address of the destination VCenter.
- `destination_vcenter_password` (String) The password of the destination VCenter.
- `destination_vcenter_username` (String) The username of the destination VCenter.
- `destination_vm_folder` (String) Destination folder, absolute path to deploy the cloned vm. Examples:    folder: vm    folder: ha-datacenter/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm
- `destination_vm_name` (String) The name of the cloned VM.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `destination_resource_pool` (String) Destination resource pool. If not provided, the destination host's parent's resource pool will be used.
- `destination_vcenter_port` (Number) The port to establish connection in the destination VCenter.
- `destination_vcenter_validate_certs` (Boolean) Parameter to indicate if certification validation needs to be done on destination VCenter.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_template` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not the new virtual machine should be marked as a template.
- `moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the vm/template instance to manage if known, this is a unique identifier only within a single vCenter instance. This is required if `name` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual machine or template. This is a required parameter, if parameter `uuid` or `moid` is not supplied.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of Virtual Machine deployed. If set to `present` and VM does not exists, then VM is created. If set to `present` and VM exists, no action is taken. If set to `poweredon` and VM does not exists, then VM is created with powered on state. If set to `poweredon` and VM exists, no action is taken.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_instance_uuid` (Boolean) Whether to use the VMware instance UUID rather than the BIOS UUID.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the vm/template instance to clone from, this is VMware's unique identifier. This is a required parameter, if parameter `name` or `moid` is not supplied.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vm_info` (String) metadata about the virtual machine
