---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_defrag Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_defrag (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `exclude_volumes` (String) A list of drive letters or mount point paths to exclude from defragmentation.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `freespace_consolidation` (Boolean) Perform free space consolidation on the specified volumes.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `include_volumes` (String) A list of drive letters or mount point paths of the volumes to be defragmented. If this parameter is omitted, all volumes (not excluded) will be fragmented.
- `parallel` (Boolean) Run the operation on each volume in parallel in the background.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `priority` (String) Run the operation at low or normal priority.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cmd` (String) The complete command line used by the module.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Possible error message on failure.
- `rc` (Number) The return code for the command.
- `stderr` (String) The error output from the command.
- `stdout` (String) The standard output from the command.
