---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datacenter` (String) Destination datacenter for the deploy operation This is required if `name` is supplied and not unique.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Destination folder, absolute or relative path to find an existing guest. This is required if `name` is supplied and not unique. The folder should include the datacenter. ESX's datacenter is ha-datacenter Examples:    folder: /ha-datacenter/vm    folder: ha-datacenter/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm    folder: datacenter1/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm/folder2
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the instance to manage if known, this is a unique identifier only within a single vCenter instance. This is required if `name` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `name` (String) Name of the VM to work with This is required if `uuid` or `moid` is not supplied.
- `name_match` (String) If multiple VMs matching the name, use the first or last found
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `properties` (String) Specify the properties to retrieve. If not specified, all properties are retrieved (deeply). Results are returned in a structure identical to the vsphere API. Example:    properties: [       "config.hardware.memoryMB",       "config.hardware.numCPU",       "guest.disk",       "overallStatus"    ] Only valid when `schema=vsphere`.
- `schema` (String) Specify the output schema desired. The `summary` output schema is the legacy output from the module The `vsphere` output schema is the vSphere API class definition
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tag_details` (Boolean) If set `true`, detail information about tags returned. Without this flag, `tags=true` returns a list of tag names. With this flag, `tags=true` returns a list of dict about tag information with additional details like category name, category id, and tag id. This parameter is added to maintain backward compatability.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_instance_uuid` (Boolean) Whether to use the VMware instance UUID rather than the BIOS UUID.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the instance to manage if known, this is VMware's unique identifier. This is required if `name` or `moid` is not supplied.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `instance` (String) metadata about the virtual machine
