---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_bigpanda Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_bigpanda (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `component` (String) The name of the component being deployed. Ex: `billing`.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) State of the deployment.
- `token` (String) API token.
- `version` (String) The deployment version.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deployment_message` (String) Message about the deployment.
- `description` (String) Free text description of the deployment.
- `env` (String) The environment name, typically `production`, `staging`, and so on.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hosts` (String) Name of affected host name. Can be a list. If not specified, it defaults to the remote system's hostname.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `owner` (String) The person responsible for the deployment.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_system` (String) Source system used in the requests to the API.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) Base URL of the API server.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If `false`, SSL certificates for the target URL are not validated. This should only be used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
