---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_docker_docker_stack Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_docker_docker_stack (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Stack name.

### Optional

- `absent_retries` (Number) If larger than `0` and `state=absent` the module will retry up to `absent_retries` times to delete the stack until all the resources have been effectively deleted. If the last try still reports the stack as not completely removed the module will fail.
- `absent_retries_interval` (Number) Interval in seconds between consecutive `absent_retries`.
- `api_version` (String)
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `ca_path` (String)
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cli_context` (String)
- `client_cert` (String)
- `client_key` (String)
- `compose` (String) List of compose definitions. Any element may be a string referring to the path of the compose file on the target host or the YAML contents of a compose file nested as dictionary.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `detach` (Boolean) If `false`, the `--detach=false` option is added to the `docker stack deploy` command, allowing Docker to wait for tasks to converge before exiting. If `true` (default), Docker exits immediately instead of waiting for tasks to converge.
- `docker_cli` (String)
- `docker_host` (String)
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prune` (Boolean) If true will add the `--prune` option to the `docker stack deploy` command. This will have docker remove the services not present in the current stack definition.
- `resolve_image` (String) If set will add the `--resolve-image` option to the `docker stack deploy` command. This will have docker query the registry to resolve image digest and supported platforms. If not set, docker use "always" by default.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Service state.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tls` (String)
- `tls_hostname` (String)
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate_certs` (String)
- `with_registry_auth` (Boolean) If true will add the `--with-registry-auth` option to the `docker stack deploy` command. This will have docker send registry authentication details to Swarm agents.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `stack_spec_diff` (String) Dictionary containing the differences between the 'Spec' field
of the stack services before and after applying the new stack
definition.
