---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_data_pipeline Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_data_pipeline (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the Datapipeline to create/modify/delete.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional description for the pipeline being created.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `objects` (String) A list of pipeline object definitions, each of which is a dict that takes the keys *id*, *name* and *fields*.
- `parameters` (String) A list of parameter objects (dicts) in the pipeline definition.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The requested state of the pipeline.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `values` (String) A list of parameter values (dicts) in the pipeline definition.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) Contains the data pipeline data (data_pipeline) and a return message (msg). If the data pipeline exists data_pipeline will contain the keys description, name, pipeline_id, state, tags, and unique_id. If the data pipeline does not exist then data_pipeline will be an empty dict. The msg describes the status of the operation.
