---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_github_repo Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_github_repo (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Repository name.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) Token parameter for authentication. This is only needed when not using `username` and `password`.
- `api_url` (String) URL to the GitHub API if not using github.com but you own instance.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description for the repository. Defaults to empty if `force_defaults=true`, which is the default in this module. Defaults to empty if `force_defaults=false` when creating a new repository. This is only used when `state` is `present`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_defaults` (Boolean) If `true`, overwrite current `description` and `private` attributes with defaults. `true` is deprecated for this option and will not be allowed starting in community.general 13.0.0. `false` will be the default value then.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `organization` (String) Organization for the repository. When `state=present`, the repository is created in the current user profile.
- `password` (String) Password used for authentication. This is only needed when not using `access_token`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private` (Boolean) Whether the repository should be private or not. Defaults to `false` if `force_defaults=true`, which is the default in this module. Defaults to `false` if `force_defaults=false` when creating a new repository. This is only used when `state=present`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the repository should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Username used for authentication. This is only needed when not using `access_token`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `repo` (String) Repository information as JSON. See https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/repos#get-a-repository.
