---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_okd_openshift_process Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_okd_openshift_process (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The name of the Template to process. The Template must be present in the cluster. When provided, *namespace* is required. Mutually exclusive with *resource_definition* or *src*
- `namespace` (String) The namespace that the template can be found in.
- `namespace_target` (String) The namespace that resources should be created, updated, or deleted in. Only used when *state* is present or absent.
- `parameter_file` (String) A path to a file containing template parameter values to override/set values in the Template. Corresponds to the `--param-file` argument to oc process.
- `parameters` (String) A set of key: value pairs that will be used to set/override values in the Template. Corresponds to the `--param` argument to oc process.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Determines what to do with the rendered Template. The state *rendered* will render the Template based on the provided parameters, and return the rendered objects in the *resources* field. These can then be referenced in future tasks. The state *present* will cause the resources in the rendered Template to be created if they do not already exist, and patched if they do. The state *absent* will delete the resources in the rendered Template.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `resources` (String) The rendered resources defined in the Template
- `result` (String) The created, patched, or otherwise present object. Will be empty in the case of a deletion.
