---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_keycloak_clienttemplate Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_keycloak_clienttemplate (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attributes` (String) A dict of further attributes for this client template. This can contain various configuration settings, though in the default installation of Keycloak as of 3.4, none are documented or known, so this is usually empty.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the client template in Keycloak.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `full_scope_allowed` (Boolean) Is the "Full Scope Allowed" feature set for this client template or not. This is `fullScopeAllowed` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Name of the client template.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `protocol` (String) Type of client template. The `docker-v2` value was added in community.general 8.6.0.
- `protocol_mappers` (String) A list of dicts defining protocol mappers for this client template. This is `protocolMappers` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `realm` (String) Realm this client template is found in.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the client template. On `present`, the client template is created (or updated if it exists already). On `absent`, the client template is removed if it exists.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `end_state` (String) Representation of client template after module execution (sample is truncated).
- `existing` (String) Representation of existing client template (sample is truncated).
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Message as to what action was taken.
- `proposed` (String) Representation of proposed client template.
