---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_manageiq_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_manageiq_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) The group description.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `belongsto_filters` (String) A list of strings with a reference to the allowed host, cluster or folder.
- `belongsto_filters_merge_mode` (String) In merge mode existing settings are merged with the supplied `belongsto_filters`. In replace mode current values are replaced with the supplied `belongsto_filters`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `managed_filters` (String) The tag values per category.
- `managed_filters_merge_mode` (String) In `merge` mode existing categories are kept or updated, new categories are added. In `replace` mode all categories are replaced with the supplied `managed_filters`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `role` (String) The the group role name. The `role_id` has precedence over the `role` when supplied.
- `role_id` (Number) The the group role ID.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `absent` - group should not exist, `present` - group should exist.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tenant` (String) The tenant for the group identified by the tenant name. The `tenant_id` has precedence over the `tenant` when supplied. Tenant names are case sensitive.
- `tenant_id` (Number) The tenant for the group identified by the tenant ID.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `group` (String) The group.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
