---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_query Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_query (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `autocommit` (Boolean) Execute in autocommit mode when the query can't be run inside a transaction block (e.g., VACUUM). Mutually exclusive with *check_mode*.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encoding` (String) Set the client encoding for the current session (e.g. `UTF-8`). The default is the encoding defined by the database.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `login_db` (String) Name of database to connect to and run queries against. The `db` alias is deprecated and will be removed in version 5.0.0.
- `named_args` (String) Dictionary of key-value arguments to pass to the query. When the value is a list, it will be converted to PostgreSQL array. Mutually exclusive with *positional_args*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `positional_args` (String) List of values to be passed as positional arguments to the query. When the value is a list, it will be converted to PostgreSQL array. Mutually exclusive with *named_args*.
- `query` (String) SQL query string or list of queries to run. Variables can be escaped with psycopg syntax https://www.psycopg.org/psycopg3/docs/basic/params.html.
- `search_path` (String) List of schema names to look in.
- `session_role` (String) Switch to session_role after connecting. The specified session_role must be a role that the current login_user is a member of. Permissions checking for SQL commands is carried out as though the session_role were the one that had logged in originally.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trust_input` (Boolean) If `false`, check whether a value of *session_role* is potentially dangerous. It makes sense to use `false` only when SQL injections via *session_role* are possible.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `execution_time_ms` (String) A list containing execution time per query in milliseconds. The measurements are done right before and after passing the query to the driver for execution.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `query_all_results` (String) List containing results of all queries executed (one sublist for every query).
- `query_list` (String) List of executed queries.
- `query_result` (String) List of dictionaries in column:value form representing returned rows. When running queries from a file, returns result of the last query.
- `rowcount` (Number) Number of produced or affected rows. When using a script with multiple queries, it contains a total number of produced or affected rows.
- `statusmessage` (String) Attribute containing the message returned by the command. When reading several queries from a file, it contains a message of the last one.
