---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_librato_annotation Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_librato_annotation (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_key` (String) Librato account API key.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `title` (String) The title of an annotation is a string and may contain spaces. The title should be a short, high-level summary of the annotation for example `v45 Deployment`.
- `user` (String) Librato account username.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description contains extra metadata about a particular annotation. The description should contain specifics on the individual annotation for example `Deployed 9b562b2 shipped new feature foo!`.
- `end_time` (Number) The unix timestamp indicating the time at which the event referenced by this annotation ended. For events that have a duration, this is a useful way to annotate the duration of the event.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `links` (String) See examples.
- `name` (String) The annotation stream name. If the annotation stream does not exist, it creates one automatically.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) A string which describes the originating source of an annotation when that annotation is tracked across multiple members of a population.
- `start_time` (Number) The unix timestamp indicating the time at which the event referenced by this annotation started.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
