---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_keycloak_clientscope Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_keycloak_clientscope (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attributes` (String) A dict of key/value pairs to set as custom attributes for the client_scope. Values may be single values (for example a string) or a list of strings.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description for this client_scope. This parameter is not required for updating or deleting a client_scope.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Name of the client_scope. This parameter is required only when creating or updating the client_scope.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `protocol` (String) Type of client. The `docker-v2` value was added in community.general 8.6.0.
- `protocol_mappers` (String) A list of dicts defining protocol mappers for this client. This is `protocolMappers` in the Keycloak REST API.
- `realm` (String) They Keycloak realm under which this client_scope resides.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the client_scope. On `present`, the client_scope is created if it does not yet exist, or updated with the parameters you provide. On `absent`, the client_scope is removed if it exists.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `end_state` (String) Representation of client scope after module execution (sample is truncated).
- `existing` (String) Representation of existing client scope (sample is truncated).
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Message as to what action was taken.
- `proposed` (String) Representation of proposed client scope.
