---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_parted Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_parted (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device` (String) The block device (disk) where to operate. Regular files can also be partitioned, but it is recommended to create a loopback device using `losetup` to easily access its partitions.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `align` (String) Set alignment for newly created partitions. Use `undefined` for parted default alignment.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `flags` (String) A list of the flags that has to be set on the partition.
- `fs_type` (String) If specified and the partition does not exist, sets filesystem type to given partition. Parameter optional, but see notes below about negative `part_start` values.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `label` (String) Disk label type or partition table to use. If `device` already contains a different label, it is changed to `label` and any previous partitions are lost. A `name` must be specified for a `gpt` partition table.
- `name` (String) Sets the name for the partition number (GPT, Mac, MIPS and PC98 only).
- `number` (Number) The partition number being affected. Required when performing any action on the disk, except fetching information.
- `part_end` (String) Where the partition ends as offset from the beginning of the disk, that is, the "distance" from the start of the disk. Negative numbers specify distance from the end of the disk. The distance can be specified with all the units supported by parted (except compat) and it is case sensitive, for example `10GiB`, `15%`.
- `part_start` (String) Where the partition starts as offset from the beginning of the disk, that is, the "distance" from the start of the disk. Negative numbers specify distance from the end of the disk. The distance can be specified with all the units supported by parted (except compat) and it is case sensitive, for example `10GiB`, `15%`. Using negative values may require setting of `fs_type` (see notes).
- `part_type` (String) May be specified only with `label=msdos` or `label=dvh`. Neither `part_type` nor `name` may be used with `label=sun`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resize` (Boolean) Call `resizepart` on existing partitions to match the size specified by `part_end`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether to create or delete a partition. If set to `info` the module only returns the device information.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unit` (String) Selects the current default unit that Parted uses to display locations and capacities on the disk and to interpret those given by the user if they are not suffixed by an unit. When fetching information about a disk, it is recommended to always specify a unit.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `partition_info` (String) Current partition information.
