---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_maintenance Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_maintenance (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Unique name of maintenance window.

### Optional

- `active_since` (String) Time when the maintenance becomes active. The given value will be rounded down to minutes. Uses `datetime.datetime.now() if not specified. NOTE - This time will not update across multiple runs unless explicitly set.
- `active_till` (String) Time when the maintenance stops being active. The given value will be rounded down to minutes. Gets calculated from *minutes* if not specified when using *minutes* only. When using *time_periods* defaults to one year from *active_since*
- `append` (Boolean) Whether to append hosts and host groups to the existing maintenance.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `collect_data` (Boolean) Type of maintenance. With data collection, or without.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `desc` (String) Short description of maintenance window.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host_groups` (String) Host groups to manage maintenance window for. **Required** option when *state=present* and *host_names* is not used.
- `host_names` (String) Hosts to manage maintenance window for. **Required** option when *state=present* and *host_groups* is not used.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `minutes` (Number) Length of maintenance window in minutes. Will default to 10 minutes if not explicitly set This argument has been **DEPRECATED** and replaced by the *time_periods* argument and will be removed in 4.0.0 **Use of this argument only allows for the creation of a single one-time maintenance window.**
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or remove a maintenance window. Maintenance window to remove is identified by name.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `time_periods` (String) List scheduled outages within the maintenance period. This argument replaces the *minutes* argument.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `visible_name` (Boolean) Type of zabbix host name to use for identifying hosts to include in the maintenance. *visible_name=yes* to search by visible name,  *visible_name=no* to search by technical name.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
