---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_sensu_silence Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_sensu_silence (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `subscription` (String) Specifies the subscription which the silence entry applies to. To create a silence entry for a client prepend `client:` to client name. Example - `client:server1.example.dev`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `check` (String) Specifies the check which the silence entry applies to.
- `creator` (String) Specifies the entity responsible for this entry.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `expire` (Number) If specified, the silence entry is automatically cleared after this number of seconds.
- `expire_on_resolve` (Boolean) If specified as true, the silence entry is automatically cleared once the condition it is silencing is resolved.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reason` (String) If specified, this free-form string is used to provide context or rationale for the reason this silence entry was created.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specifies to create or clear (delete) a silence entry using the Sensu API.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) Specifies the URL of the Sensu monitoring host server.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
