---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_scaleway_database_backup Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_scaleway_database_backup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `region` (String) Scaleway region to use (for example `fr-par`).

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `database_name` (String) Name used to identify the database. Required for `present` and `restored` states. Ignored when `state=absent` or `state=exported`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `expires_at` (String) Expiration datetime of the database backup (ISO 8601 format). Ignored when `state=absent`, `state=exported` or `state=restored`.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `instance_id` (String) UUID of the instance associated to the database backup. Required for `present` and `restored` states. Ignored when `state=absent` or `state=exported`.
- `name` (String) Name used to identify the database backup. Required for `present` state. Ignored when `state=absent`, `state=exported` or `state=restored`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicate desired state of the database backup. `present` creates a backup. `absent` deletes the backup. `exported` creates a download link for the backup. `restored` restores the backup to a new database.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait for the instance to reach its desired state before returning.
- `wait_sleep_time` (Number) Time to wait before every attempt to check the state of the backup.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) Time to wait for the backup to reach the expected state.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `metadata` (String) Backup metadata.
