---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_get_certificate Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_get_certificate (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) The host to get the cert for (IP is fine).
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `port` (Number) The port to connect to.

### Optional

- `asn1_base64` (Boolean) Whether to encode the ASN.1 values in the R`extensions` return value with Base64 or not. The documentation claimed for a long time that the values are Base64 encoded, but they never were. For compatibility this option is set to `false`. The default value was changed from `false` to `true` incommunity.crypto 3.0.0.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `ca_cert` (String) A PEM file containing one or more root certificates; if present, the cert will be validated against these root certs. Note that this only validates the certificate is signed by the chain; not that the cert is valid for the host presenting it.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `ciphers` (String) SSL/TLS Ciphers to use for the request. When a list is provided, all ciphers are joined in order with `:`. See the [OpenSSL Cipher List Format](https://www.openssl.org/docs/manmaster/man1/openssl-ciphers.html#CIPHER-LIST-FORMAT) for more details. The available ciphers is dependent on the Python and OpenSSL/LibreSSL versions.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `get_certificate_chain` (Boolean) If set to `true`, will obtain the certificate chain next to the certificate itself. The chain as returned by the server can be found in R`unverified_chain`, and the chain that passed validation in R`verified_chain`. **Note** that this needs **Python 3.10 or newer**. Also note that only Python 3.13 or newer officially supports this. The module uses internal APIs of Python 3.10, 3.11, and 3.12 to achieve the same. It can be that future versions of Python 3.10, 3.11, or 3.12 break this.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `proxy_host` (String) Proxy host used when get a certificate.
- `proxy_port` (Number) Proxy port used when get a certificate.
- `select_crypto_backend` (String) Determines which crypto backend to use. The default choice is `auto`, which tries to use `cryptography` if available. If set to `cryptography`, will try to use the [cryptography](https://cryptography.io/) library. Note that with community.crypto 3.0.0, all values behave the same. This option will be deprecated in a later version. We recommend to not set it explicitly.
- `server_name` (String) Server name used for SNI ([Server Name Indication](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Server_Name_Indication)) when hostname is an IP or is different from server name.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `starttls` (String) Requests a secure connection for protocols which require clients to initiate encryption. Only available for `mysql` currently.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tls_ctx_options` (String) TLS context options (TLS/SSL OP flags) to use for the request. See the [List of SSL OP Flags](https://wiki.openssl.org/index.php/List_of_SSL_OP_Flags) for more details. The available TLS context options is dependent on the Python and OpenSSL/LibreSSL versions.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `cert` (String) The certificate retrieved from the port.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `expired` (Boolean) Boolean indicating if the cert is expired.
- `extensions` (String) Extensions applied to the cert.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `issuer` (String) Information about the issuer of the cert.
- `not_after` (String) Expiration date of the cert.
- `not_before` (String) Issue date of the cert.
- `serial_number` (Number) The serial number of the cert. This return value is an **integer**. If you need the serial numbers as a colon-separated hex string, such as `11:22:33`, you need to convert it to that form with `community.crypto.to_serial#filter`.
- `signature_algorithm` (String) The algorithm used to sign the cert.
- `subject` (String) Information about the subject of the cert (`OU`, `CN`, and so on).
- `unverified_chain` (String) The certificate chain retrieved from the port. The first entry is always R`cert`.
- `verified_chain` (String) The verified certificate chain retrieved from the port. The first entry is always R`cert`. The last certificate the root certificate the chain is traced to. If `ca_cert` is provided this certificate is part of that store; otherwise it is part of the store used by default by Python. Note that R`unverified_chain` generally does not contain the root certificate, and might contain other certificates that are not part of the validated chain.
- `version` (String) The version number of the certificate.
