---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_host_dns Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_host_dns (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `type` (String) Type of DNS assignment. Either `dhcp` or `static`. A VMkernel adapter needs to be set to DHCP if set to `dhcp`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the cluster from which all host systems will be used. This parameter is required if `esxi_hostname` is not specified and you connect to a vCenter. Cannot be used when you connect directly to an ESXi host.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device` (String) The VMkernel network adapter to obtain DNS settings from. Needs to get its IP through DHCP, a static network configuration combined with a dynamic DNS configuration doesn't work. The parameter is only required in case of `type=dhcp`.
- `dns_servers` (String) A list of DNS servers to be used. The order of the DNS servers is important as they are used consecutively in order.
- `domain` (String) The domain name to be used for the ESXi host.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `esxi_hostname` (String) Name of the host system to work with. This parameter is required if `cluster_name` is not specified and you connect to a vCenter. Cannot be used when you connect directly to an ESXi host.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host_name` (String) The hostname to be used for the ESXi host. Cannot be used when configuring a complete cluster.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `search_domains` (String) A list of domains to be searched through by the resolver.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `verbose` (Boolean) Verbose output of the DNS server configuration change. Explains if an DNS server was added, removed, or if the DNS server sequence was changed.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dns_config_result` (String) metadata about host system's DNS configuration
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
