---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_archive Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_archive (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) Remote absolute path, glob, or list of paths or globs for the file or files to compress or archive.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dest` (String) The file name of the destination archive. The parent directory must exists on the remote host. This is required when `path` refers to multiple files by either specifying a glob, a directory or multiple paths in a list. If the destination archive already exists, it is truncated and overwritten.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `exclude_path` (String) Remote absolute path, glob, or list of paths or globs for the file or files to exclude from `path` list and glob expansion. Use `exclusion_patterns` to instead exclude files or subdirectories below any of the paths from the `path` list.
- `exclusion_patterns` (String) Glob style patterns to exclude files or directories from the resulting archive. This differs from `exclude_path` which applies only to the source paths from `path`.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_archive` (Boolean) Allows you to force the module to treat this as an archive even if only a single file is specified. By default when a single file is specified it is compressed only (not archived). Enable this if you want to use `ansible.builtin.unarchive` on an archive of a single file created with this module.
- `format` (String) The type of compression to use.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remove` (Boolean) Remove any added source files and trees after adding to archive.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `archived` (String) Any files that were compressed or added to the archive.
- `arcroot` (String) The archive root.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dest_state` (String) The state of the `dest` file. `absent` when the file does not exist. `archive` when the file is an archive. `compress` when the file is compressed, but not an archive. `incomplete` when the file is an archive, but some files under `path` were not found.
- `expanded_exclude_paths` (String) The list of matching exclude paths from the exclude_path argument.
- `expanded_paths` (String) The list of matching paths from paths argument.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `missing` (String) Any files that were missing from the source.
- `state` (String) The state of the input `path`.
