---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_api_gateway Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_api_gateway (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `api_id` (String) The ID of the API you want to manage.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cache_enabled` (Boolean) Enable API GW caching of backend responses.
- `cache_size` (String) Size in GB of the API GW cache, becomes effective when cache_enabled is true.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deploy_desc` (String) Description of the deployment. Recorded and visible in the AWS console.
- `endpoint_type` (String) Type of endpoint configuration. Use `EDGE` for an edge optimized API endpoint, `REGIONAL` for just a regional deploy or `PRIVATE` for a private API. This flag will only be used when creating a new API Gateway setup, not for updates.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lookup` (String) Look up API gateway by either *tags* (and *name* if supplied) or by *api_id*. If *lookup=tag* and *tags* is not specified then no lookup for an existing API gateway is performed and a new API gateway will be created. When using *lookup=tag*, multiple matches being found will result in a failure and no changes will be made. To change the tags of a API gateway use *lookup=id*.
- `name` (String) The name of the RestApi.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `stage` (String) The name of the stage the API should be deployed to.
- `stage_canary_settings` (String) Canary settings for the deployment of the stage. Dict with following settings: `percentTraffic`: The percent (0-100) of traffic diverted to a canary deployment. `deploymentId`: The ID of the canary deployment. `stageVariableOverrides`: Stage variables overridden for a canary release deployment. `useStageCache`: A Boolean flag to indicate whether the canary deployment uses the stage cache or not. See docs https://boto3.amazonaws.com/v1/documentation/api/latest/reference/services/apigateway.html#APIGateway.Client.create_stage
- `stage_variables` (String) ENV variables for the stage. Define a dict of key values pairs for variables.
- `state` (String) Create or delete API Gateway.
- `swagger_dict` (String) Swagger definitions API ansible dictionary which will be converted to JSON and uploaded.
- `swagger_file` (String) JSON or YAML file containing swagger definitions for API. Exactly one of *swagger_file*, *swagger_text* or *swagger_dict* must be present.
- `swagger_text` (String) Swagger definitions for API in JSON or YAML as a string direct from playbook.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tracing_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether active tracing with X-ray is enabled for the API GW stage.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `configure_response` (String) AWS response from the API configure call
- `deploy_response` (String) AWS response from the API deploy call
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `resource_actions` (String) Actions performed against AWS API
