---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_rabbitmq_rabbitmq_publish Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_rabbitmq_rabbitmq_publish (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_delete` (Boolean) Set the queue to auto delete.
- `body` (String) The body of the message. A `body` cannot be provided if a `src` is specified.
- `cafile` (String) CA file used during connection to the RabbitMQ server over SSL. If this option is specified, also *certfile* and *keyfile* must be specified.
- `certfile` (String) Client certificate to establish SSL connection. If this option is specified, also *cafile* and *keyfile* must be specified.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content_type` (String) The content type of the body.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `durable` (Boolean) Set the queue to be durable.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `exchange` (String) The exchange to publish a message to. An `exchange` cannot be provided if a `queue` is specified.
- `exclusive` (Boolean) Set the queue to be exclusive.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `headers` (String) A dictionary of headers to post with the message.
- `host` (String) The RabbitMQ server hostname or IP.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `keyfile` (String) Client key to establish SSL connection. If this option is specified, also *cafile* and *certfile* must be specified.
- `password` (String) The RabbitMQ password.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) The RabbitMQ server port.
- `proto` (String) The protocol to use.
- `queue` (String) The queue to publish a message to.  If no queue is specified, RabbitMQ will return a random queue name. A `queue` cannot be provided if an `exchange` is specified.
- `routing_key` (String) The routing key.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `src` (String) A file to upload to the queue.  Automatic mime type detection is attempted if content_type is not defined (left as default). A `src` cannot be provided if a `body` is specified. The filename is added to the headers of the posted message to RabbitMQ. Key being the `filename`, value is the filename.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) An URL connection string to connect to the RabbitMQ server. *url* and *host*/*port*/*user*/*pass*/*vhost* are mutually exclusive, use either or but not both.
- `username` (String) The RabbitMQ username.
- `vhost` (String) The virtual host to target. If default vhost is required, use `'%2F'`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) If posted to an exchange, the result contains the status *msg*, content type *content_type* the exchange name *exchange* and the routing key *routing_key*. If posted to a queue, the result contains the status *msg*, content type *content_type* and the queue name *queue*.
