---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_mongodb_mongodb_schema Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_mongodb_mongodb_schema (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `collection` (String) The collection to work with.
- `db` (String) The database to work with.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `action` (String) The validation action for MongoDB to perform when handling invalid documents.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `debug` (Boolean) Enable additional debugging output.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `level` (String) The validation level MongoDB should apply when updating existing documents.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `properties` (String) Individual property specification.
- `replica_set` (String) Replicaset name.
- `required` (String) List of fields that are required.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of the validator.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `module_config` (String) The validator document as indicated by the module invocation.
- `msg` (String) Status message.
- `validator` (String) The validator document as read from the instance.
