---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_acme_account_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_acme_account_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `retrieve_orders` (String) Whether to retrieve the list of order URLs or order objects, if provided by the ACME server. A value of `ignore` will not fetch the list of orders. If the value is not `ignore` and the ACME server supports orders, the R`order_uris` return value is always populated. The R`orders` return value is only returned if this option is set to `object_list`. Currently, Let's Encrypt does not return orders, so the R`orders` result will always be empty.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `account` (String) The account information, as retrieved from the ACME server.
- `account_uri` (String) ACME account URI, or None if account does not exist.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `exists` (Boolean) Whether the account exists.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `order_uris` (String) The list of orders. If `retrieve_orders` is `url_list`, this will be a list of URLs. If `retrieve_orders` is `object_list`, this will be a list of objects.
- `orders` (String) The list of orders.
