---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_mongodb_mongodb_stepdown Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_mongodb_mongodb_stepdown (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Optional. A boolean that determines whether the primary steps down if no electable and up-to-date secondary exists within the wait period.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interval` (Number) The number of seconds to wait between poll executions.
- `poll` (Number) The maximum number of times query for the member status.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `secondary_catch_up` (Number) The secondaryCatchUpPeriodSecs parameter for the stepDown command. The number of seconds that mongod will wait for an electable secondary to catch up to the primary.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `stepdown_seconds` (Number) The number of seconds to step down the primary, during which time the stepdown member is ineligible for becoming primary.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `failed` (Boolean) If the module had failed or not.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `iteration` (Number) Number of times the module has queried the replicaset status.
- `msg` (String) Status message.
