---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_boot_manager Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_boot_manager (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `boot_delay` (Number) Delay in milliseconds before starting the boot sequence.
- `boot_firmware` (String) Choose which firmware should be used to boot the virtual machine.
- `boot_hdd_name` (String) This parameter is optional, if not set, will use the first virtual disk found in VM device list.
- `boot_order` (String) List of the boot devices.
- `boot_retry_delay` (Number) Specify the time in milliseconds between virtual machine boot failure and subsequent attempt to boot again. If set, will automatically set `boot_retry_enabled=true` as this parameter is required.
- `boot_retry_enabled` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the virtual machine that fails to boot, will try to boot again after `boot_retry_delay` is expired. If set to `false`, the virtual machine waits indefinitely for user intervention.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enter_bios_setup` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the virtual machine automatically enters BIOS setup the next time it boots. The virtual machine resets this flag, so that the machine boots proceeds normally.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the instance to manage if known, this is a unique identifier only within a single vCenter instance. This is required if `name` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `name` (String) Name of the VM to work with. This is required if `uuid` or `moid` parameter is not supplied.
- `name_match` (String) If multiple virtual machines matching the name, use the first or last found.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `secure_boot_enabled` (Boolean) Choose if EFI secure boot should be enabled.  EFI secure boot can only be enabled with boot_firmware = efi
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_instance_uuid` (Boolean) Whether to use the VMware instance UUID rather than the BIOS UUID.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the instance to manage if known, this is VMware's BIOS UUID by default. This is required if `name` or `moid` parameter is not supplied.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vm_boot_status` (String) metadata about boot order of virtual machine
