---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_docker_docker_compose_v2 Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_docker_docker_compose_v2 (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `assume_yes` (Boolean) When `assume_yes=true`, pass `-y`/`--yes` to assume "yes" as answer to all prompts and run non-interactively. Right now a prompt is asked whenever a non-matching volume should be re-created. `assume_yes=false` results in the question being answered by "no", which will simply re-use the existing volume. This option is only available on Docker Compose 2.32.0 or newer.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `build` (String) Whether to build images before starting containers. This is used when `docker compose up` is run. `always` always builds before starting containers. This is equivalent to the `--build` option of `docker compose up`. `never` never builds before starting containers. This is equivalent to the `--no-build` option of `docker compose up`. `policy` uses the policy as defined in the Compose file.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dependencies` (Boolean) When `state` is `present` or `restarted`, specify whether or not to include linked services.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_build_events` (Boolean) Ignores image building events for change detection. If `state=present` and `ignore_build_events=true` and `build=always`, a rebuild that does not trigger a container restart no longer results in R`ignore:changed=true`. Note that Docker Compose 2.31.0 is the first Compose 2.x version to emit build events. For older versions, the behavior is always as if `ignore_build_events=true`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pull` (String) Whether to pull images before running. This is used when `docker compose up` is run. `always` ensures that the images are always pulled, even when already present on the Docker daemon. `missing` only pulls them when they are not present on the Docker daemon. `never` never pulls images. If they are not present, the module will fail when trying to create the containers that need them. `policy` use the Compose file's `pull_policy` defined for the service to figure out what to do.
- `recreate` (String) By default containers will be recreated when their configuration differs from the service definition. Setting to `never` ignores configuration differences and leaves existing containers unchanged. Setting to `always` forces recreation of all existing containers.
- `remove_images` (String) Use with `state=absent` to remove all images or only local images.
- `remove_orphans` (Boolean) Remove containers for services not defined in the Compose file.
- `remove_volumes` (Boolean) Use with `state=absent` to remove data volumes.
- `renew_anon_volumes` (Boolean) Whether to recreate instead of reuse anonymous volumes from previous containers. `true` is equivalent to the `--renew-anon-volumes` option of `docker compose up`.
- `scale` (String) Define how to scale services when running `docker compose up`. Provide a dictionary of key/value pairs where the key is the name of the service and the value is an integer count for the number of containers.
- `services` (String) Specifies a subset of services to be targeted.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of the project. `present` is equivalent to running `docker compose up`. `stopped` is equivalent to running `docker compose stop`. `absent` is equivalent to running `docker compose down`. `restarted` is equivalent to running `docker compose restart`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) When running `docker compose up`, pass `--wait` to wait for services to be running/healthy. A timeout can be set with the `wait_timeout` option.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) When `wait=true`, wait at most this amount of seconds.

### Read-Only

- `actions` (String) A list of actions that have been applied.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `containers` (String) A list of containers associated to the service.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `images` (String) A list of images associated to the service.
