---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_osx_defaults Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_osx_defaults (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `array_add` (Boolean) Add new elements to the array for a key which has an array as its value.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `check_type` (Boolean) Checks if the type of the provided `value` matches the type of an existing default. If the types do not match, raises an error.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) The domain is a domain name of the form `com.companyname.appname`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host` (String) The host on which the preference should apply. The special value `currentHost` corresponds to the `-currentHost` switch of the defaults commandline tool.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key` (String) The key of the user preference.
- `path` (String) The path in which to search for `defaults`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of the user defaults. If set to `list` it queries the given parameter specified by `key`. Returns `null` is nothing found or misspelled.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The type of value to write.
- `value` (String) The value to write. Only required when `state=present`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
