---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_s3_bucket_notification Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_s3_bucket_notification (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket_name` (String) S3 bucket name.
- `event_name` (String) Unique name for event notification on bucket.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `events` (String) Events that will be triggering a notification. You can select multiple events to send to the same destination, you can set up different events to send to different destinations, and you can set up a prefix or suffix for an event. However, for each bucket, individual events cannot have multiple configurations with overlapping prefixes or suffixes that could match the same object key. Required when *state=present*.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lambda_alias` (String) Name of the Lambda function alias. Mutually exclusive with *lambda_version*.
- `lambda_function_arn` (String) The ARN of the lambda function. Mutually exclusive with *queue_arn* and *topic_arn*.
- `lambda_version` (Number) Version of the Lambda function. Mutually exclusive with *lambda_alias*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prefix` (String) Optional prefix to limit the notifications to objects with keys that start with matching characters.
- `queue_arn` (String) The ARN of the SQS queue. Mutually exclusive with *topic_arn* and *lambda_function_arn*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Describes the desired state.
- `suffix` (String) Optional suffix to limit the notifications to objects with keys that end with matching characters.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `topic_arn` (String) The ARN of the SNS topic. Mutually exclusive with *queue_arn* and *lambda_function_arn*.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `notification_configuration` (String) dictionary of currently applied notifications
