---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_aix_filesystem Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_aix_filesystem (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `filesystem` (String) Specifies the mount point, which is the directory where the file system will be mounted.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `account_subsystem` (Boolean) Specifies whether the file system is to be processed by the accounting subsystem.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attributes` (String) Specifies attributes for files system separated by comma.
- `auto_mount` (Boolean) File system is automatically mounted at system restart.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device` (String) Logical volume (LV) device name or remote export device to create a NFS file system. It is used to create a file system on an already existing logical volume or the exported NFS file system. If not mentioned a new logical volume name is created following AIX standards (LVM).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fs_type` (String) Specifies the virtual file system type.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mount_group` (String) Specifies the mount group.
- `nfs_server` (String) Specifies a Network File System (NFS) server.
- `permissions` (String) Set file system permissions. `rw` (read-write) or `ro` (read-only).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rm_mount_point` (Boolean) Removes the mount point directory when used with state `absent`.
- `size` (String) Specifies the file system size. For already present it resizes the filesystem. 512-byte blocks, megabytes or gigabytes. If the value has M specified it is in megabytes. If the value has G specified it is in gigabytes. If no M or G the value is 512-byte blocks. If `+` is specified in begin of value, the value is added. If `-` is specified in begin of value, the value is removed. If neither `+` nor `-` is specified, then the total value is the specified. Size respects the LVM AIX standards.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Controls the file system state. `present` check if file system exists, creates or resize. `absent` removes existing file system if already `unmounted`. `mounted` checks if the file system is mounted or mount the file system. `unmounted` check if the file system is unmounted or unmount the file system.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vg` (String) Specifies an existing volume group (VG).

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
