---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_nginx_status_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_nginx_status_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `url` (String) URL of the nginx status.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `accepts` (Number) The total number of accepted client connections.
- `active_connections` (Number) Active connections.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) HTTP response as is.
- `handled` (Number) The total number of handled connections. Generally, the parameter value is the same as accepts unless some resource limits have been reached.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `reading` (Number) The current number of connections where nginx is reading the request header.
- `requests` (Number) The total number of client requests.
- `waiting` (Number) The current number of idle client connections waiting for a request.
- `writing` (Number) The current number of connections where nginx is writing the response back to the client.
