---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_libvirt_virt_pool Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_libvirt_virt_pool (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `autostart` (Boolean) Specify if a given storage pool should be started automatically on system boot.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `command` (String) In addition to state management, various non-idempotent commands are available. See examples.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mode` (String) Pass additional parameters to 'build' or 'delete' commands.
- `name` (String) Name of the storage pool being managed. Note that pool must be previously defined with xml.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specify which state you want a storage pool to be in. If 'active', pool will be started. If 'present', ensure that pool is present but do not change its state; if it is missing, you need to specify xml argument. If 'inactive', pool will be stopped. If 'undefined' or 'absent', pool will be removed from *libvirt* configuration. If 'deleted', pool contents will be deleted and then pool undefined.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
