---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_user_directory Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_user_directory (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Unique name of the user directory.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `base_dn` (String) LDAP base distinguished name string. required if `idp_type` is set to *ldap*.
- `bind_dn` (String) LDAP bind distinguished name string. Can be empty for anonymous binding.
- `bind_password` (String) LDAP bind password. Can be empty for anonymous binding.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) User directory description.
- `encrypt_assertions` (Boolean) SAML encrypt assertions. Encrypts if *true*. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `encrypt_nameid` (Boolean) SAML encrypt name ID. Encrypts if *true*. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `group_basedn` (String) LDAP groups path in LDAP tree to search for groups data. Used to configure user membership check in *openLDAP*. Required if group_membership is not set. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `group_filter` (String) LDAP search filter to select groups when searching for specific user groups. Used to configure user membership check in openLDAP. Ignored when provisioning a user if group_membership is set. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `group_member` (String) LDAP tree attribute name containing group name received with `group_filter` query. Used to configure user membership check in openLDAP. Ignored when provisioning a user if group_membership is set. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `group_membership` (String) LDAP property containing groups of user. E.g. *memberOf* This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `group_name` (String) LDAP/SAML attribute name to get group name for group mapping between Zabbix and IdP. Used to configure user membership check in LDAP. Ignored when provisioning a user if group_membership is set. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `host` (String) LDAP server host name, IP or URI. URI should contain schema, host and port (optional). required if `idp_type` is set to *ldap*.
- `idp_entityid` (String) SAML URI that identifies the IdP in SAML messages. required if `idp_type` is set to *saml*. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `idp_type` (String) Type of IdP. Only one user directory of type SAML can exist. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `nameid_format` (String) SAML SP name ID format. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) LDAP server port. required if `idp_type` is set to *ldap*.
- `provision_groups` (String) Array of the IdP media type mappings objects. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `provision_media` (String) Array of the IdP media type mappings objects. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `provision_status` (Boolean) User directory provisioning status. if *false* Provisioning of users created by this user directory is disabled if *true* Provisioning of users created by this user directory is enabled. Additionally, the authentication status of `ldap_jit_status` or `saml_jit_status` should be enabled. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `scim_status` (Boolean) Whether the SCIM provisioning for SAML is enabled or disabled. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `search_attribute` (String) LDAP attribute name to identify user by username in Zabbix database. required if `idp_type` is set to *ldap*.
- `search_filter` (String) LDAP custom filter string when authenticating user in LDAP. Supported search_filter placeholders *%{attr}* search attribute name (uid, sAMAccountName); *%{user}* username value.
- `sign_assertions` (Boolean) SAML sign assertions. Signs if *true*. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `sign_authn_requests` (Boolean) SAML sign AuthN requests. Signs if *true*. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `sign_logout_requests` (Boolean) SAML sign logout requests. Signs if *true*. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `sign_logout_responses` (Boolean) SAML sign logout responses. Signs if *true*. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `sign_messages` (Boolean) SAML sign messages. Signs if *true*. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `slo_url` (String) SAML IdP service endpoint URL to which Zabbix will send SAML logout requests. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `sp_entityid` (String) SAML SP entity ID. required if `idp_type` is set to *saml*. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `sso_url` (String) SAML URL of the IdP"s SAML SSO service, to which Zabbix will send SAML authentication requests. required if `idp_type` is set to *saml*. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `start_tls` (Number) LDAP startTLS option. It cannot be used with ldaps:// protocol hosts.
- `state` (String) State of the user directory. On `present`, it will create if user directory does not exist or update it if the associated data is different. On `absent` will remove the user directory if it exists.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_lastname` (String) LDAP/SAML attribute name to use for users.surname field when user is provisioned This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `user_ref_attr` (String) LDAP user object attribute name. Will be set instead of the placeholder *%{ref}* in c(group_filter) string. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `user_username` (String) LDAP/SAML attribute name to use for users.name field when user is provisioned This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.
- `username_attribute` (String) SAML username attribute to be used in comparison with Zabbix user.username value when authenticating. required if `idp_type` is set to *saml*. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.4.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
