---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_zpool Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_zpool (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the zpool to manage.

### Optional

- `altroot` (String) Alternate root for mounting filesystems.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disable_new_features` (Boolean) If `true`, disable new ZFS feature flags when creating.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filesystem_properties` (String) Dictionary of ZFS filesystem properties to set on the root dataset (for example `compression`, `dedup`).
- `force` (Boolean) If `true`, force operations (for example overwrite existing devices).
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mountpoint` (String) Filesystem mountpoint for the root dataset.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pool_properties` (String) Dictionary of ZFS pool properties to set (for example `autoexpand`, `cachefile`).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the pool should exist.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `temp_name` (String) Temporary name used during pool creation.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vdevs` (String) List of vdev definitions for the pool.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
