---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_rabbitmq_rabbitmq_exchange Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_rabbitmq_rabbitmq_exchange (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the exchange to create.

### Optional

- `arguments` (String) Extra arguments for exchange. If defined this argument is a key/value dictionary.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_delete` (Boolean) If the exchange should delete itself after all queues/exchanges unbound from it.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `durable` (Boolean) Whether exchange is durable or not.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `exchange_type` (String) Type for the exchange. If using *x-delayed-message*, *x-random*, *x-consistent-hash* or *x-recent-history* the respective plugin on the RabbitMQ server must be enabled.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `internal` (Boolean) Exchange is available only for other exchanges.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the exchange should be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
