---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_modprobe Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_modprobe (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of kernel module to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `params` (String) Modules parameters.
- `persistent` (String) Persistency between reboots for configured module. This option creates files in `/etc/modules-load.d/` and `/etc/modprobe.d/` that make your module configuration persistent during reboots. If `present`, adds module name to `/etc/modules-load.d/` and params to `/etc/modprobe.d/` so the module is loaded on next reboot. If `absent`, comments out module name from `/etc/modules-load.d/` and comments out params from `/etc/modprobe.d/` so the module is not loaded on next reboot. If `disabled`, does not touch anything and leaves `/etc/modules-load.d/` and `/etc/modprobe.d/` as it is. Note that it is usually a better idea to rely on the automatic module loading by PCI IDs, USB IDs, DMI IDs or similar triggers encoded in the kernel modules themselves instead of configuration like this. In fact, most modern kernel modules are prepared for automatic loading already. **Note:** This option works only with distributions that use `systemd` when set to values other than `disabled`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the module should be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
