---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_content_deploy_template Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_content_deploy_template (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datacenter` (String) Name of the datacenter, where VM to be deployed.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the VM to be deployed.
- `template` (String) The name of template from which VM to be deployed.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster` (String) Name of the cluster in datacenter in which to place deployed VM. Required if `resource_pool` is not specified.
- `datastore` (String) Name of the datastore to store deployed VM and disk. Required if `datastore_cluster` is not provided.
- `datastore_cluster` (String) Name of the datastore cluster to store deployed VM and disk. Please make sure Storage DRS is active for recommended datastore from the given datastore cluster. If Storage DRS is not enabled, datastore with largest free storage space is selected. Required if `datastore` is not provided.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Name of the folder in datacenter in which to place deployed VM.
- `host` (String) Name of the ESX Host in datacenter in which to place deployed VM. The host has to be a member of the cluster that contains the resource pool. Required with `resource_pool` to find resource pool details. This will be used as additional information when there are resource pools with same name.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `library` (String) The name of the content library from where the template resides.
- `log_level` (String) The level of logging desired in this module.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resource_pool` (String) Name of the resource pool in datacenter in which to place deployed VM. Required if `cluster` is not specified. For default or non-unique resource pool names, specify `host` and `cluster`. `Resources` is the default name of resource pool.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of Virtual Machine deployed from template in content library. If set to `present` and VM does not exists, then VM is created. If set to `present` and VM exists, no action is taken. If set to `poweredon` and VM does not exists, then VM is created with powered on state. If set to `poweredon` and VM exists, no action is taken.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vm_deploy_info` (String) Virtual machine deployment message and vm_id
