---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_flatpak Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_flatpak (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the flatpak to manage. To operate on several packages this can accept a list of packages. When used with `state=present`, `name` can be specified as a URL to a `flatpakref` file or the unique reverse DNS name that identifies a flatpak. Both `https://` and `http://` URLs are supported. When supplying a reverse DNS name, you can use the `remote` option to specify on what remote to look for the flatpak. An example for a reverse DNS name is `org.gnome.gedit`. When used with `state=absent` or `state=latest`, it is recommended to specify the name in the reverse DNS format. When supplying a URL with `state=absent` or `state=latest`, the module tries to match the installed flatpak based on the name of the flatpakref to remove or update it. However, there is no guarantee that the names of the flatpakref file and the reverse DNS name of the installed flatpak do match.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) The path to the `flatpak` executable to use. By default, this module looks for the `flatpak` executable on the path.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `method` (String) The installation method to use. Defines if the `flatpak` is supposed to be installed globally for the whole `system` or only for the current `user`.
- `no_dependencies` (Boolean) If installing runtime dependencies should be omitted or not. This parameter is primarily implemented for integration testing this module. There might however be some use cases where you would want to have this, like when you are packaging your own flatpaks.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remote` (String) The flatpak remote (repository) to install the flatpak from. By default, `flathub` is assumed, but you do need to add the flathub flatpak_remote before you can use this. See the `community.general.flatpak_remote` module for managing flatpak remotes.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicates the desired package state. The value `latest` is supported since community.general 8.6.0.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `command` (String) The exact flatpak command that was executed.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
