---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_docker_docker_host_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_docker_docker_host_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `containers` (Boolean) Whether to list containers.
- `containers_all` (Boolean) By default, only running containers are returned. This corresponds to the `--all` option to `docker container list`.
- `containers_filters` (String) A dictionary of filter values used for selecting containers to list. For example, `until: 24h`. `label` is a special case of filter which can be a string `<key>` matching when a label is present, a string `<key>=<value>` matching when a label has a particular value, or a list of strings `<key>`/`<key>=<value`. See [the docker documentation](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/container_prune/#filtering) for more information on possible filters.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disk_usage` (Boolean) Summary information on used disk space by all Docker layers. The output is a sum of images, volumes, containers and build cache.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `images` (Boolean) Whether to list images.
- `images_filters` (String) A dictionary of filter values used for selecting images to list. For example, `dangling: true`. `label` is a special case of filter which can be a string `<key>` matching when a label is present, a string `<key>=<value>` matching when a label has a particular value, or a list of strings `<key>`/`<key>=<value`. See [the docker documentation](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/image_prune/#filtering) for more information on possible filters.
- `networks` (Boolean) Whether to list networks.
- `networks_filters` (String) A dictionary of filter values used for selecting networks to list. `label` is a special case of filter which can be a string `<key>` matching when a label is present, a string `<key>=<value>` matching when a label has a particular value, or a list of strings `<key>`/`<key>=<value`. See [the docker documentation](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/network_prune/#filtering) for more information on possible filters.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `verbose_output` (Boolean) When set to `true` and `networks`, `volumes`, `images`, `containers`, or `disk_usage` is set to `true` then output will contain verbose information about objects matching the full output of API method. For details see the documentation of your version of Docker API at https://docs.docker.com/engine/api/. The verbose output in this module contains only subset of information returned by this module for each type of the objects.
- `volumes` (Boolean) Whether to list volumes.
- `volumes_filters` (String) A dictionary of filter values used for selecting volumes to list. `label` is a special case of filter which can be a string `<key>` matching when a label is present, a string `<key>=<value>` matching when a label has a particular value, or a list of strings `<key>`/`<key>=<value`. See [the docker documentation](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/volume_prune/#filtering) for more information on possible filters.

### Read-Only

- `can_talk_to_docker` (Boolean) Will be `true` if the module can talk to the docker daemon.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `host_info` (String) Facts representing the basic state of the docker host. Matches the `docker system info` output.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
