---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_hrobot_storagebox_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_hrobot_storagebox_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `full_info` (Boolean) Whether to provide full information for every storage box. Setting this to `true` requires one REST call per storage box, which is slow and reduces your rate limit. Use with care. When `storagebox_id` is specified, this option is always treated as having value `true`. **Note** that this option has no effect if `hetzner_token` is specified.
- `hetzner_token` (String)
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `linked_server_number` (Number) Limit result list to storage boxes linked to the server with this number. Ignored when `storagebox_id` has been specified, or when `hetzner_token` has been specified.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `storagebox_id` (Number) Limit result list to storage boxes with this ID.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `storageboxes` (String) List of storage boxes matching the provided options.
