---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_lightsail Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_lightsail (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the instance.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `blueprint_id` (String) ID of the instance blueprint image. Required when *state=present*
- `bundle_id` (String) Bundle of specification info for the instance. Required when *state=present*.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key_pair_name` (String) Name of the key pair to use with the instance. If *state=present* and a key_pair_name is not provided, the default keypair from the region will be used.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `public_ports` (String) A list of dictionaries to describe the ports to open for the specified instance.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicate desired state of the target. *rebooted* and *restarted* are aliases.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_data` (String) Launch script that can configure the instance with additional data.
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait for the instance to be in state 'running' before returning. If *wait=false* an ip_address may not be returned. Has no effect when *state=rebooted* or *state=absent*.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long before *wait* gives up, in seconds.
- `zone` (String) AWS availability zone in which to launch the instance. Required when *state=present*

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `instance` (String) instance data
