---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_elasticsearch_plugin Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_elasticsearch_plugin (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the plugin to install.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Force batch mode when installing plugins. This is only necessary if a plugin requires additional permissions and console detection fails.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `plugin_bin` (String) Location of the plugin binary. If this file is not found, the default plugin binaries are used.
- `plugin_dir` (String) Your configured plugin directory specified in Elasticsearch.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `proxy_host` (String) Proxy host to use during plugin installation.
- `proxy_port` (String) Proxy port to use during plugin installation.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `src` (String) Optionally set the source location to retrieve the plugin from. This can be a `file://` URL to install from a local file, or a remote URL. If this is not set, the plugin location is just based on the name. The name parameter must match the descriptor in the plugin ZIP specified. Is only used if the state would change, which is solely checked based on the name parameter. If, for example, the plugin is already installed, changing this has no effect. For ES 1.x use `url`.
- `state` (String) Desired state of a plugin.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) Set exact URL to download the plugin from (Only works for ES 1.x). For ES 2.x and higher, use src.
- `version` (String) Version of the plugin to be installed. If plugin exists with previous version, it is NOT updated.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
