---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_routeros_api_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_routeros_api_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) Path to query. An example value is `ip address`. This is equivalent to running `/ip address print` in the RouterOS CLI.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `handle_disabled` (String) How to handle unset values. `exclamation` prepends the keys with `!` in the output with value `null`. `null-value` uses the regular key with value `null`. `omit` omits these values from the result.
- `hide_defaults` (Boolean) Whether to hide default values.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `include_builtin` (Boolean) Whether to include builtin values. By default, they are not returned, and the `builtin` keys are omitted. If set to `true`, they are returned as well, and the `builtin` keys are returned as well.
- `include_dynamic` (Boolean) Whether to include dynamic values. By default, they are not returned, and the `dynamic` keys are omitted. If set to `true`, they are returned as well, and the `dynamic` keys are returned as well.
- `include_read_only` (Boolean) Whether to include read-only fields. By default, they are not returned.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `restrict` (String) Restrict output to entries matching the following criteria.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unfiltered` (Boolean) Whether to output all fields, and not just the ones supported as input for `community.routeros.api_modify`. Unfiltered output can contain counters and other state information.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) A list of all elements for the current path.
