---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_table Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_table (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `table` (String) Table name.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cascade` (Boolean) Automatically drop objects that depend on the table (such as views). Used with *state=absent* only.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `columns` (String) Columns that are needed.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `including` (String) Keywords that are used with like parameter, may be DEFAULTS, CONSTRAINTS, INDEXES, STORAGE, COMMENTS or ALL. Needs *like* specified. Mutually exclusive with *columns*, *rename*, and *truncate*.
- `like` (String) Create a table like another table (with similar DDL). Mutually exclusive with *columns*, *rename*, and *truncate*.
- `login_db` (String) Name of database to connect and where the table will be created. The `db` alias is deprecated and will be removed in version 5.0.0.
- `owner` (String) Set a table owner.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rename` (String) DEPRECATED (see the [discussion](https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.postgresql/issues/820)). This option will be removed in version 5.0.0. To rename a table, use the `community.postgresql.postgresql_query` module. New table name. Mutually exclusive with *tablespace*, *owner*, *unlogged*, *like*, *including*, *columns*, *truncate*, and *storage_params*.
- `session_role` (String) Switch to session_role after connecting. The specified session_role must be a role that the current login_user is a member of. Permissions checking for SQL commands is carried out as though the session_role were the one that had logged in originally.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The table state. *state=absent* is mutually exclusive with *tablespace*, *owner*, *unlogged*, *like*, *including*, *columns*, *truncate*, *storage_params* and, *rename*.
- `storage_params` (String) Storage parameters like fillfactor, autovacuum_vacuum_treshold, etc. Mutually exclusive with *rename* and *truncate*.
- `tablespace` (String) Set a tablespace for the table.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `truncate` (Boolean) Truncate a table. Mutually exclusive with *tablespace*, *owner*, *unlogged*, *like*, *including*, *columns*, *rename*, and *storage_params*.
- `trust_input` (Boolean) If `false`, check whether values of parameters are potentially dangerous. It makes sense to use `false` only when SQL injections are possible.
- `unlogged` (Boolean) Create an unlogged table.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `queries` (String) List of executed queries.
