---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_pipx Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_pipx (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `editable` (Boolean) Install the project in editable mode.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Force modification of the application's virtual environment. See `pipx` for details. Only used when `state=install`, `state=upgrade`, `state=upgrade_all`, `state=latest`, or `state=inject`. The module is not idempotent when `force=true`.
- `global` (String)
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `include_injected` (Boolean) Upgrade the injected packages along with the application. Only used when `state=upgrade`, `state=upgrade_all`, or `state=latest`. This is used with `state=upgrade` and `state=latest` since community.general 6.6.0.
- `index_url` (String) Base URL of Python Package Index. Only used when `state=install`, `state=upgrade`, `state=latest`, or `state=inject`.
- `inject_packages` (String) Packages to be injected into an existing virtual environment. Only used when `state=inject`.
- `install_apps` (Boolean) Add apps from the injected packages. Only used when `state=inject`.
- `install_deps` (Boolean) Include applications of dependent packages. Only used when `state=install`, `state=latest`, or `state=inject`.
- `name` (String) The name of the application and also the name of the Python package being installed. In `pipx` documentation it is also referred to as the name of the virtual environment where the application is installed. If `name` is a simple package name without version specifiers, then that name is used as the Python package name to be installed. Starting in community.general 10.7.0, you can use package specifiers when `state=present` or `state=install`. For example, `name=tox<4.0.0` or `name=tox>3.0.27`. Please note that when you use `state=present` and `name` with version specifiers, contrary to the behavior of `pipx`, this module honors the version specifier and installs a version of the application that satisfies it. If you want to ensure the reinstallation of the application even when the version specifier is met, then you must use `force=true`, or perhaps use `state=upgrade` instead. Use `source` for installing from URLs or directories.
- `pip_args` (String) Arbitrary arguments to pass directly to `pip`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `python` (String) Python version to be used when creating the application virtual environment. Must be 3.6+. Only used when `state=install`, `state=latest`, `state=reinstall`, or `state=reinstall_all`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) Source for the package. This option is used when `state=install` or `state=latest`, and it is ignored with other states. Use `source` when installing a Python package with version specifier, or from a local path, from a VCS URL or compressed file. The value of this option is passed as-is to `pipx`. `name` is still required when using `source` to establish the application name without fetching the package from a remote source. The module is not idempotent when using `source`.
- `spec_metadata` (String) Spec metadata file for `state=install_all`. This content of the file is usually generated with `pipx list --json`, and it can be obtained with `community.general.pipx_info` with `community.general.pipx_info#module:include_raw=true` and obtaining the content from the R`community.general.pipx_info#module:raw_output`.
- `state` (String) Desired state for the application. The states `present` and `absent` are aliases to `install` and `uninstall`, respectively. The state `latest` is equivalent to executing the task twice, with state `install` and then `upgrade`. It was added in community.general 5.5.0. The states `install_all`, `uninject`, `upgrade_shared`, `pin` and `unpin` are only available in `pipx>=1.6.0`, make sure to have a compatible version when using this option. These states have been added in community.general 9.4.0.
- `suffix` (String) Optional suffix for virtual environment and executable names. **Warning:** `pipx` documentation states this is an **experimental** feature subject to change.
- `system_site_packages` (Boolean) Give application virtual environment access to the system site-packages directory. Only used when `state=install` or `state=latest`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `version` (String) Version of pipx.
