---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxysql_proxysql_query_rules_fast_routing Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxysql_proxysql_query_rules_fast_routing (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `destination_hostgroup` (Number) Route matched queries to this hostgroup. This happens unless there is a started transaction and the logged in user has *transaction_persistent* set to `True` (refer to `community.proxysql.proxysql_mysql_users`).
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `schemaname` (String) Filtering criteria matching schemaname, a query will match only if the connection uses schemaname as its default schema.
- `username` (String) Filtering criteria matching username, a query will match only if the connection is made with the correct username.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Free form text field, usable for a descriptive comment of the query rule.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `flagIN` (Number) Evaluated in the same way as *flagIN* is in **mysql_query_rules** and correlates to the *flagOUT/apply* specified in the **mysql_query_rules** table. (see `community.proxysql.proxysql_query_rules`).
- `force_delete` (Boolean) By default, we avoid deleting more than one schedule in a single batch; however, if you need this behaviour and you are not concerned about the schedules deleted, you can set *force_delete* to `True`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `present`, adds the rule. When `absent`, removes the rule.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `stdout` (String) The mysql user modified or removed from proxysql.
