---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_cluster_ha_rules Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_cluster_ha_rules (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) HA rule identifier.
- `state` (String) create or delete rule

### Optional

- `affinity` (String) Describes whether the HA resource are supposed to be kept on the same node `positive`,
or are supposed to be kept on separate nodes `negative`.
Required if `type=resource-affinity`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Description
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disable` (Boolean) Whether the HA rule is disabled. If not specified, the Proxmox API default `false` will be used.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Existing rules with a specific `type` can not be changed to the other type.
If `force=true`, the existing rule will be deleted and recreated with the new type.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `nodes` (String) List of cluster node members, where a priority can be given to each node. A resource bound to a group will run on the
available nodes with the highest priority. If there are more nodes in the highest priority class, the services will
get distributed to those nodes. The priorities have a
relative meaning only. The higher the number, the higher the priority.
It can either be a string `node_name:priority,node_name:priority` or an actual list of strings.
Required if `type=node-affinity`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resources` (String) List of HA resource IDs. It can either be a string `vm:100,ct:101` or an actual list of strings.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `strict` (Boolean) If false, the HA resource can also be moved to other nodes if there is none of the specified nodes available.
If not specified, the Proxmox API default `false` will be used.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) HA rule type.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `rule` (String) A representation of the rule.
