---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_mq_broker Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_mq_broker (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `broker_name` (String) The Name of the MQ broker to work on.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authentication_strategy` (String) Choose between locally and remotely managed users.
- `auto_minor_version_upgrade` (Boolean) Allow/disallow automatic minor version upgrades.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deployment_mode` (String) Set broker deployment type. Can be used only during creation. Defaults to `SINGLE_INSTANCE`.
- `enable_audit_log` (Boolean) Enable/disable to push audit logs to AWS CloudWatch.
- `enable_general_log` (Boolean) Enable/disable to push general logs to AWS CloudWatch.
- `engine_type` (String) Set broker engine type. Can be used only during creation. Defaults to `ACTIVEMQ`.
- `engine_version` (String) Set engine version of broker. The special value `latest` will pick the latest available version. The special value `latest` is ignored on update.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host_instance_type` (String) Instance type of broker instances.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `kms_key_id` (String) Use referenced key to encrypt broker data at rest. Can be used only during creation.
- `maintenance_window_start_time` (String) Set maintenance window for automatic minor upgrades. Can be used only during creation. Not providing any value means "no maintenance window".
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `publicly_accessible` (Boolean) Allow/disallow public access. Can be used only during creation. Defaults to `false`.
- `security_groups` (String) Associate security groups with broker. At least one must be provided during creation.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `present`: Create/update broker. `absent`: Delete broker. `restarted`: Reboot broker.
- `storage_type` (String) Set underlying storage type. Can be used only during creation. Defaults to `EFS`.
- `subnet_ids` (String) Defines where deploy broker instances to. Minimum required number depends on deployment type. Can be used only during creation.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_aws_owned_key` (Boolean) Must be set to `false` if *kms_key_id* is provided as well. Can be used only during creation. Defaults to `true`.
- `users` (String) This parameter allows to use a custom set of initial user(s). `community.aws.mq_user` is the preferred way to manage (local) users however a broker cannot be created without any user. If nothing is specified a default `admin` user will be created along with brokers. Can be used only during creation.  Use `community.aws.mq_user` module for updates.
- `wait` (Boolean) Specifies whether the module waits for the desired `state`. The time to wait can be controlled by setting *wait_timeout*.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long to wait (in seconds) for the broker to reach the desired state if *wait=true*.

### Read-Only

- `broker` (String) All API responses are converted to snake yaml except 'Tags' 'state=present': API response of create_broker() or update_broker() call 'state=absent': result of describe_broker() call before delete_broker() is triggerd 'state=restarted': result of describe_broker() after reboot has been triggered
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
