---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ldap_attrs Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ldap_attrs (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attributes` (String) The attribute(s) and value(s) to add or remove. Each attribute value can be a string for single-valued attributes or a list of strings for multi-valued attributes. If you specify values for this option in YAML, please note that you can improve readability for long string values by using YAML block modifiers as seen in the examples for this module. Note that when using values that YAML/ansible-core interprets as other types, like `yes`, `no` (booleans), or `2.10` (float), make sure to quote them if these are meant to be strings. Otherwise the wrong values may be sent to LDAP.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ordered` (Boolean) If `true`, prepend list values with X-ORDERED index numbers in all attributes specified in the current task. This is useful mostly with `olcAccess` attribute to easily manage LDAP Access Control Lists.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of the attribute values. If `present`, all given attribute values are added if they are missing. If `absent`, all given attribute values are removed if present. If `exact`, the set of attribute values is forced to exactly those provided and no others. If `state=exact` and the attribute value is empty, all values for this attribute are removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `modlist` (String) List of modified parameters.
