---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_okd_openshift_adm_groups_sync Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_okd_openshift_adm_groups_sync (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `sync_config` (String) Provide a valid YAML definition of an LDAP sync configuration.

### Optional

- `allow_groups` (String) Allowed groups, could be openshift group name or LDAP group dn value. When parameter `type` is set to *ldap* this should contains only LDAP group definition like *cn=developers,ou=groups,ou=rfc2307,dc=ansible,dc=redhat*.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deny_groups` (String) Denied groups, could be openshift group name or LDAP group dn value. When parameter `type` is set to *ldap* this should contains only LDAP group definition like *cn=developers,ou=groups,ou=rfc2307,dc=ansible,dc=redhat*. The elements specified in this list will override the ones specified in `allow_groups`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Determines if the group should be sync when set to `present` or pruned when set to `absent`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) which groups allow and deny list entries refer to.

### Read-Only

- `builds` (String) The groups that were created, updated or deleted
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
