---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_hrobot_v_switch Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_hrobot_v_switch (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The vSwitch's name. In order to identify a vSwitch both name and VLAN must match. If not, a new vSwitch will be created.
- `vlan` (Number) The vSwitch's VLAN ID. Range can be from 4000 to 4091. In order to identify a vSwitch both name and VLAN must match. If not, a new vSwitch will be created.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `servers` (String) List of server identifiers (server's numeric ID or server's main IPv4 or IPv6). If servers is not specified, servers are not going to be deleted.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the vSwitch. VSwitch is created if state is `present`, and deleted if state is `absent`. `absent` just cancels the vSwitch at the end of the current day. When cancelling, you have to specify `servers=[]` if you want to actively remove the servers in the vSwitch.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether to wait until the vSwitch has been successfully configured before determining what to do, and before returning from the module. The API returns status `in process` when the vSwitch is currently being set up in the servers. If this happens, the module will try again until the status changes to `ready` or server has been removed from vSwitch. Please note that if you disable wait while deleting and removing servers module will fail with `VSWITCH_IN_PROCESS` error.
- `wait_delay` (Number) Delay to wait (in seconds) before checking again whether the vSwitch servers has been configured.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `v_switch` (String) Information on the vSwitch.
