---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_s3_lifecycle Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_s3_lifecycle (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the S3 bucket.

### Optional

- `abort_incomplete_multipart_upload_days` (Number) Specifies the days since the initiation of an incomplete multipart upload that Amazon S3 will wait before permanently removing all parts of the upload.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `expiration_date` (String) Indicates the lifetime of the objects that are subject to the rule by the date they will expire. The value must be ISO-8601 format, the time must be midnight and a GMT timezone must be specified. This cannot be specified with *expire_object_delete_marker*
- `expiration_days` (Number) Indicates the lifetime, in days, of the objects that are subject to the rule. The value must be a non-zero positive integer. This cannot be specified with *expire_object_delete_marker*
- `expire_object_delete_marker` (Boolean) Indicates whether Amazon S3 will remove a delete marker with no noncurrent versions. If set to `true`, the delete marker will be expired; if set to `false` the policy takes no action. This cannot be specified with *expiration_days* or *expiration_date*.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `maximum_object_size` (Number) The maximum object size to which the rule applies.
- `minimum_object_size` (Number) The minimum object size to which the rule applies.
- `noncurrent_version_expiration_days` (Number) The number of days after which non-current versions should be deleted. Must be set if *noncurrent_version_keep_newer* is set.
- `noncurrent_version_keep_newer` (Number) The minimum number of non-current versions to retain. Requres *noncurrent_version_expiration_days*.
- `noncurrent_version_storage_class` (String) The storage class to which non-current versions are transitioned.
- `noncurrent_version_transition_days` (Number) The number of days after which non-current versions will be transitioned to the storage class specified in *noncurrent_version_storage_class*.
- `noncurrent_version_transitions` (String) A list of transition behaviors to be applied to noncurrent versions for the rule. Each storage class may be used only once. Each transition behavior contains these elements *transition_days* *storage_class*
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix identifying one or more objects to which the rule applies. If no prefix is specified, the rule will apply to the whole bucket.
- `purge_transitions` (Boolean) Whether to replace all the current transition(s) with the new transition(s). When `false`, the provided transition(s) will be added, replacing transitions with the same storage_class. When true, existing transitions will be removed and replaced with the new transition(s)
- `rule_id` (String) Unique identifier for the rule. The value cannot be longer than 255 characters. A unique value for the rule will be generated if no value is provided.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or remove the lifecycle rule.
- `status` (String) If `enabled`, the rule is currently being applied. If `disabled`, the rule is not currently being applied.
- `storage_class` (String) The storage class to transition to.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `transition_date` (String) Indicates the lifetime of the objects that are subject to the rule by the date they will transition to a different storage class. The value must be ISO-8601 format, the time must be midnight and a GMT timezone must be specified. If (transition_days) is not specified, this parameter is required.
- `transition_days` (Number) Indicates when, in days, an object transitions to a different storage class. If *transition_date* is not specified, this parameter is required.
- `transitions` (String) A list of transition behaviors to be applied to the rule. Each storage class may be used only once. Each transition behavior may contain these elements *transition_days* *transition_date* *storage_class*
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait for the configuration to complete before returning.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
