---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_backup_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_backup_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup_jobs` (Boolean) If `true`, the module will return all backup jobs information. If `false`, the module will parse all backup jobs based on VM IDs and return a list of VMs' backup information. Mutually exclusive with `vm_id` and `vm_name`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vm_id` (String) The ID of the Proxmox VM. If defined, the returned list will contain backup jobs that have been parsed and filtered based on `vm_id` value. Mutually exclusive with `vm_name` and `backup_jobs`.
- `vm_name` (String) The name of the Proxmox VM. If defined, the returned list will contain backup jobs that have been parsed and filtered based on `vm_name` value. Mutually exclusive with `vm_id` and `backup_jobs`.

### Read-Only

- `backup_info` (String) The return value provides backup job information based on VM ID or VM name, or total backup job information.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
