---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_gitlab_merge_request Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_gitlab_merge_request (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `project` (String) The path or name of the project.
- `source_branch` (String) Merge request's source branch. Ignored while updating existing merge request.
- `target_branch` (String) Merge request's target branch.
- `title` (String) A title for the merge request.

### Optional

- `assignee_ids` (String) Comma separated list of assignees usernames omitting `@` character. Set to empty string to unassign all assignees.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A description for the merge request. Gets overridden by a content of file specified at `description_path`, if found.
- `description_path` (String) A path of file containing merge request's description. Accepts MarkDown formatted files.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) Comma separated list of label names.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remove_source_branch` (Boolean) Flag indicating if a merge request should remove the source branch when merging.
- `reviewer_ids` (String) Comma separated list of reviewers usernames omitting `@` character. Set to empty string to unassign all reviewers.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or delete merge request.
- `state_filter` (String) Filter specifying state of merge requests while searching.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `mr` (String) API object.
- `msg` (String) Success or failure message.
