---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_xml Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_xml (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `add_children` (String) Add additional child-element(s) to a selected element for a given `xpath`. Child elements must be given in a list and each item may be either a string (for example `children=ansible` to add an empty `<ansible/>` child element), or a hash where the key is an element name and the value is the element value. This parameter requires `xpath` to be set.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attribute` (String) The attribute to select when using parameter `value`. This is a string, not prepended with `@`.
- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file including the timestamp information so you can get the original file back if you somehow clobbered it incorrectly.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content` (String) Search for a given `xpath` and get content. This parameter requires `xpath` to be set.
- `count` (Boolean) Search for a given `xpath` and provide the count of any matches. This parameter requires `xpath` to be set.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `input_type` (String) Type of input for `add_children` and `set_children`.
- `insertafter` (Boolean) Add additional child-element(s) after the last selected element for a given `xpath`. Child elements must be given in a list and each item may be either a string (for example `children=ansible` to add an empty `<ansible/>` child element), or a hash where the key is an element name and the value is the element value. This parameter requires `xpath` to be set.
- `insertbefore` (Boolean) Add additional child-element(s) before the first selected element for a given `xpath`. Child elements must be given in a list and each item may be either a string (for example `children=ansible` to add an empty `<ansible/>` child element), or a hash where the key is an element name and the value is the element value. This parameter requires `xpath` to be set.
- `namespaces` (String) The namespace `prefix:uri` mapping for the XPath expression. Needs to be a `dict`, not a `list` of items.
- `path` (String) Path to the file to operate on. This file must exist ahead of time. This parameter is required, unless `xmlstring` is given.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pretty_print` (Boolean) Pretty print XML output.
- `print_match` (Boolean) Search for a given `xpath` and print out any matches. This parameter requires `xpath` to be set.
- `set_children` (String) Set the child-element(s) of a selected element for a given `xpath`. Removes any existing children. Child elements must be specified as in `add_children`. This parameter requires `xpath` to be set.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Set or remove an xpath selection (node(s), attribute(s)).
- `strip_cdata_tags` (Boolean) Remove CDATA tags surrounding text values. Note that this might break your XML file if text values contain characters that could be interpreted as XML.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `value` (String) Desired state of the selected attribute. Either a string, or to unset a value, the Python `None` keyword (YAML Equivalent, `null`). Elements default to no value (but present). Attributes default to an empty string.
- `xmlstring` (String) A string containing XML on which to operate. This parameter is required, unless `path` is given.
- `xpath` (String) A valid XPath expression describing the item(s) you want to manipulate. Operates on the document root, `/`, by default.

### Read-Only

- `actions` (String) A dictionary with the original xpath, namespaces and state.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `matches` (String) The xpath matches found.
