---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_pkgutil Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_pkgutil (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the package. When using `state=latest`, this can be `'*'`, which updates all installed packages managed by pkgutil.
- `state` (String) Whether to install (`present`/`installed`), or remove (`absent`/`removed`) packages. The upgrade (`latest`) operation updates/installs the packages to the latest version available.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) To allow the update process to downgrade packages to match what is present in the repository, set this to `true`. This is useful for rolling back to stable from testing, or similar operations.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `site` (String) The repository path to install the package from. Its global definition is in `/etc/opt/csw/pkgutil.conf`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_catalog` (Boolean) If you always want to refresh your catalog from the mirror, even when it is not stale, set this to `true`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
