---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_pacman_key Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_pacman_key (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `data` (String) The keyfile contents to add to the keyring. Must be of `PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK` type.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `ensure_trusted` (Boolean) Ensure that the key is trusted (signed by the Pacman machine key and not expired).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `file` (String) The path to a keyfile on the remote server to add to the keyring. Remote file must be of `PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK` type.
- `force_update` (Boolean) This forces the key to be updated if it already exists in the keyring.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `keyring` (String) The full path to the keyring folder on the remote server. If not specified, module uses pacman's default (`/etc/pacman.d/gnupg`). Useful if the remote system requires an alternative gnupg directory.
- `keyserver` (String) The keyserver used to retrieve key from.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Ensures that the key is `present` (added) or `absent` (revoked).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) The URL to retrieve keyfile from. Remote file must be of `PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK` type.
- `verify` (Boolean) Whether or not to verify the keyfile's key ID against specified key ID.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
