---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_netcup_dns Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_netcup_dns (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_key` (String) API key for authentication, must be obtained using the netcup CCP (https://ccp.netcup.net).
- `api_password` (String) API password for authentication, must be obtained using the netcup CCP (https://ccp.netcup.net).
- `customer_id` (Number) Netcup customer ID.
- `domain` (String) Domainname the records should be added / removed.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `type` (String) Record type. Support for `OPENPGPKEY`, `SMIMEA` and `SSHFP` was added in community.general 8.1.0. Record types `OPENPGPKEY` and `SMIMEA` require nc-dnsapi >= 0.1.5. Record type `SSHFP` requires nc-dnsapi >= 0.1.6.
- `value` (String) Record value.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `priority` (Number) Record priority. Required for `type=MX`.
- `record` (String) Record to add or delete, supports wildcard (`*`). Default is `@` (that is, the zone name).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `solo` (Boolean) Whether the record should be the only one for that record type and record name. Only use with `state=present`. This deletes all other records with the same record name and type.
- `state` (String) Whether the record should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `records` (String) List containing all records.
