---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_firewall Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_firewall (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `aliases` (String) List of aliases. Alias can only be created/updated/deleted at cluster or VM level.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Comment for security group. Only needed when creating group.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `group` (String) Name of the group to which the rule belongs. Only needed when `level=group` or `group_conf=true`.
- `group_conf` (Boolean) Whether security group should be created or deleted.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_sets` (String) List of IP set definitions to create, update, or remove. Each IP set is a named collection of CIDRs (with optional negation and comments).
- `level` (String) Level at which the firewall rule applies.
- `node` (String) Name of the node. Only needed when `level=node`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pos` (Number) Position of the rule in the list. Only needed if `state=absent`.
- `rules` (String) List of individual rules to be applied.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create/update/delete firewall rules or security group.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update` (Boolean) If `state=present` and if one or more rule/alias/ipset already exists it will update them.
- `vmid` (Number) ID of the VM to which the rule applies. Only needed when `level=vm`.
- `vnet` (String) Name of the virtual network for the rule. Only needed when `level=vnet`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
