---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_autoscaling_launch_config_find Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_autoscaling_launch_config_find (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name_regex` (String) A Launch Configuration to match. It'll be compiled as regex.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `limit` (Number) How many results to show. Corresponds to Python slice notation like list[:limit].
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sort_order` (String) Order in which to sort results.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) Name of the AMI
- `associate_public_address` (Boolean) Assign public address or not
- `block_device_mappings` (String) Launch Configuration block device mappings property
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `classic_link_vpc_security_groups` (String) Launch Configuration classic link vpc security groups property
- `created_time` (String) When it was created
- `ebs_optimized` (Boolean) Launch Configuration EBS optimized property
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `image_id` (String) AMI id
- `instance_monitoring` (String) Launch Configuration instance monitoring property
- `instance_type` (String) Type of ec2 instance
- `kernel_id` (String) Launch Configuration kernel to use
- `keyname` (String) Launch Configuration ssh key
- `name` (String) Name of the Launch Configuration
- `ram_disk_id` (String) Launch Configuration ram disk property
- `security_groups` (String) Launch Configuration security groups
- `user_data` (String) User data used to start instance
