---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_keycloak_component Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_keycloak_component (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the component to create.
- `parent_id` (String) The parent_id of the component. In practice the ID (name) of the realm.
- `provider_id` (String) The name of the "provider ID" for the key.
- `provider_type` (String) The name of the "provider type" for the key. That is, `org.keycloak.storage.UserStorageProvider`, `org.keycloak.userprofile.UserProfileProvider`, ... See https://www.keycloak.org/docs/latest/server_development/index.html#_providers.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config` (String) Configuration properties for the provider. Contents vary depending on the provider type.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the Keycloak component. On `present`, the component is created (or updated if it exists already). On `absent`, the component is removed if it exists.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `end_state` (String) Representation of the keycloak_component after module execution.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
