---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_ec2_win_password Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_ec2_win_password (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `instance_id` (String) The instance id to get the password data from.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key_data` (String) The private key (usually stored in vault). Conflicts with *key_file*,
- `key_file` (String) Path to the file containing the key pair used on the instance. Conflicts with *key_data*.
- `key_passphrase` (String) The passphrase for the instance key pair. The key must use DES or 3DES encryption for this module to decrypt it. You can use openssl to convert your password protected keys if they do not use DES or 3DES. ex) `openssl rsa -in current_key -out new_key -des3`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether or not to wait for the password to be available before returning.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) Number of seconds to wait before giving up.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
