---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_tag_manager Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_tag_manager (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `object_type` (String) Type of object to work with.
- `tag_names` (String) List of tag(s) to be managed. User can also specify category name by specifying colon separated value. For example, "category_name:tag_name". User can also specify tag and category as dict, when tag or category contains colon. See example for more information. User can skip category name if you have unique tag names.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `moid` (String) Managed object ID for the given object. Required if `object_name` is not set.
- `object_name` (String) Name of the object to work with. For DistributedVirtualPortgroups the format should be "switch_name:portgroup_name" Required if `moid` is not set.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If set to `add` or `present` will add the tags to the existing tag list of the given object. If set to `remove` or `absent` will remove the tags from the existing tag list of the given object. If set to `set` will replace the tags of the given objects with the user defined list of tags.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `tag_status` (String) metadata about tags related to object configuration
