---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_scheduled_task Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_scheduled_task (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the scheduled task without the path.

### Optional

- `actions` (String) A list of action to configure for the task. See suboptions for details on how to construct each list entry. When creating a task there MUST be at least one action but when deleting a task this can be a null or an empty list. The ordering of this list is important, the module will ensure the order is kept when modifying the task. This module only supports the `ExecAction` type but can still delete the older legacy types.
- `allow_demand_start` (Boolean) Whether the task can be started by using either the Run command or the Context menu.
- `allow_hard_terminate` (Boolean) Whether the task can be terminated by using TerminateProcess.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `author` (String) The author of the task.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `compatibility` (Number) The integer value with indicates which version of Task Scheduler a task is compatible with. `0` means the task is compatible with the AT command. `1` means the task is compatible with Task Scheduler 1.0(Windows Vista, Windows Server 2008 and older). `2` means the task is compatible with Task Scheduler 2.0(Windows Vista, Windows Server 2008). `3` means the task is compatible with Task Scheduler 2.0(Windows 7, Windows Server 2008 R2). `4` means the task is compatible with Task Scheduler 2.0(Windows 10, Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2019).
- `date` (String) The date when the task was registered.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_expired_task_after` (String) The amount of time that the Task Scheduler will wait before deleting the task after it expires. A task expires after the end_boundary has been exceeded for all triggers associated with the task. This is in the ISO 8601 Duration format `P[n]Y[n]M[n]DT[n]H[n]M[n]S`.
- `description` (String) The description of the task.
- `disallow_start_if_on_batteries` (Boolean) Whether the task will not be started if the computer is running on battery power.
- `display_name` (String) The name of the user/group that is displayed in the Task Scheduler UI.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the task is enabled, the task can only run when `yes`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `execution_time_limit` (String) The amount of time allowed to complete the task. When set to `PT0S`, the time limit is infinite. When omitted, the default time limit is 72 hours. This is in the ISO 8601 Duration format `P[n]Y[n]M[n]DT[n]H[n]M[n]S`.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `group` (String) The group that will run the task. `group` and `username` are exclusive to each other and cannot be set at the same time. `logon_type` can either be not set or equal `group`.
- `hidden` (Boolean) Whether the task will be hidden in the UI.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `logon_type` (String) The logon method that the task will run with. `password` means the password will be stored and the task has access to network resources. `s4u` means the existing token will be used to run the task and no password will be stored with the task. Means no network or encrypted files access. `interactive_token` means the user must already be logged on interactively and will run in an existing interactive session. `group` means that the task will run as a group. `service_account` means that a service account like System, Local Service or Network Service will run the task.
- `multiple_instances` (Number) An integer that indicates the behaviour when starting a task that is already running. `0` will start a new instance in parallel with existing instances of that task. `1` will wait until other instances of that task to finish running before starting itself. `2` will not start a new instance if another is running. `3` will stop other instances of the task and start the new one.
- `password` (String) The password for the user account to run the scheduled task as. This is required when running a task without the user being logged in, excluding the builtin service accounts and Group Managed Service Accounts (gMSA). If set, will always result in a change unless `update_password` is set to `no` and no other changes are required for the service.
- `path` (String) Task folder in which this task will be stored. Will create the folder when `state=present` and the folder does not already exist. Will remove the folder when `state=absent` and there are no tasks left in the folder.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `priority` (Number) The priority level (0-10) of the task. When creating a new task the default is `7`. See https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/aa383512.aspx for details on the priority levels.
- `restart_count` (Number) The number of times that the Task Scheduler will attempt to restart the task.
- `restart_interval` (String) How long the Task Scheduler will attempt to restart the task. If this is set then `restart_count` must also be set. The maximum allowed time is 31 days. The minimum allowed time is 1 minute. This is in the ISO 8601 Duration format `P[n]Y[n]M[n]DT[n]H[n]M[n]S`.
- `run_level` (String) The level of user rights used to run the task. If not specified the task will be created with limited rights.
- `run_only_if_idle` (Boolean) Whether the task will run the task only if the computer is in an idle state.
- `run_only_if_network_available` (Boolean) Whether the task will run only when a network is available.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) The source of the task.
- `start_when_available` (Boolean) Whether the task can start at any time after its scheduled time has passed.
- `state` (String) When `state=present` will ensure the task exists. When `state=absent` will ensure the task does not exist.
- `stop_if_going_on_batteries` (Boolean) Whether the task will be stopped if the computer begins to run on battery power.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_password` (Boolean) Whether to update the password even when not other changes have occurred. When `yes` will always result in a change when executing the module.
- `username` (String) The user to run the scheduled task as. Will default to the current user under an interactive token if not specified during creation. The user account specified must have the `SeBatchLogonRight` logon right which can be added with `ansible.windows.win_user_right`.
- `version` (String) The version number of the task.
- `wake_to_run` (Boolean) Whether the task will wake the computer when it is time to run the task.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
