---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_elb_network_lb Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_elb_network_lb (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the load balancer. This name must be unique within your AWS account, can have a maximum of 32 characters, must contain only alphanumeric characters or hyphens, and must not begin or end with a hyphen.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cross_zone_load_balancing` (Boolean) Indicates whether cross-zone load balancing is enabled. Defaults to `false`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) Indicates whether deletion protection for the ELB is enabled. Defaults to `false`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_address_type` (String) Sets the type of IP addresses used by the subnets of the specified Application Load Balancer.
- `listeners` (String) A list of dicts containing listeners to attach to the ELB. See examples for detail of the dict required. Note that listener keys are CamelCased.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_listeners` (Boolean) If *purge_listeners=true*, existing listeners will be purged from the ELB to match exactly what is defined by *listeners* parameter. If the *listeners* parameter is not set then listeners will not be modified.
- `scheme` (String) Internet-facing or internal load balancer. An ELB scheme can not be modified after creation.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or destroy the load balancer. The default changed from `'absent'` to `'present'` in release 4.0.0.
- `subnet_mappings` (String) A list of dicts containing the IDs of the subnets to attach to the load balancer. You can also specify the allocation ID of an Elastic IP to attach to the load balancer or the internal IP address for an internal load balancer. You can specify one Elastic IP address or internal address per subnet. This parameter is mutually exclusive with *subnets*.
- `subnets` (String) A list of the IDs of the subnets to attach to the load balancer. You can specify only one subnet per Availability Zone. You must specify subnets from at least two Availability Zones. Required when *state=present*. This parameter is mutually exclusive with *subnet_mappings*.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether or not to wait for the network load balancer to reach the desired state.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) The duration in seconds to wait, used in conjunction with *wait*.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `load_balancer` (String) A representation of the Network Load Balancer
