---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_aerospike_migrations Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_aerospike_migrations (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `local_only` (Boolean) Do you wish to only check for migrations on the local node before returning, or do you want all nodes in the cluster to finish before returning?

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connect_timeout` (Number) How long to try to connect before giving up (milliseconds).
- `consecutive_good_checks` (Number) How many times should the cluster report "no migrations" consecutively before returning OK back to ansible?
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `fail_on_cluster_change` (Boolean) Fail if the cluster key changes if something else is changing the cluster, we may want to fail.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host` (String) Which host do we use as seed for info connection.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `migrate_rx_key` (String) The metric key used to determine if we have rx migrations remaining. Changeable due to backwards compatibility.
- `migrate_tx_key` (String) The metric key used to determine if we have tx migrations remaining. Changeable due to backwards compatibility.
- `min_cluster_size` (Number) Check fails until cluster size is met or until tries is exhausted.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) Which port to connect to Aerospike on (service port).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sleep_between_checks` (Number) How long to sleep between each check (seconds).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_cluster_size` (Number) When all aerospike builds in the cluster are greater than version 4.3, then the `cluster-stable` info command is used. Inside this command, you can optionally specify what the target cluster size is - but it is not necessary. You can still rely on `min_cluster_size` if you do not want to use this option. If this option is specified on a cluster that has at least one host <4.3 then it is ignored until the min version reaches 4.3.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tries_limit` (Number) How many times do we poll before giving up and failing?
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
