---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_ecs_cluster Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_ecs_cluster (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The cluster name.
- `state` (String) The desired state of the cluster.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `capacity_provider_strategy` (String) List of capacity provider strategies to use for the cluster.
- `capacity_providers` (String) List of capacity providers to use for the cluster.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delay` (Number) Number of seconds to wait.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_capacity_providers` (Boolean) Toggle overwriting of existing capacity providers or strategy. This is needed for backwards compatibility. By default *purge_capacity_providers=true*.
- `repeat` (Number) The number of times to wait for the cluster to have an instance.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `activeServicesCount` (Number) how many services are active in this cluster
- `capacityProviders` (String) list of capacity providers used in this cluster
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `clusterArn` (String) the ARN of the cluster just created
- `clusterName` (String) name of the cluster just created (should match the input argument)
- `defaultCapacityProviderStrategy` (String) list of capacity provider strategies used in this cluster
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `pendingTasksCount` (Number) how many tasks are waiting to run in this cluster
- `registeredContainerInstancesCount` (Number) how many container instances are available in this cluster
- `runningTasksCount` (Number) how many tasks are running in this cluster
- `status` (String) the status of the new cluster
