---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_xfconf_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_xfconf_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `channel` (String) A Xfconf preference channel is a top-level tree key, inside of the Xfconf repository that corresponds to the location for which all application properties/keys are stored. If not provided, the module lists all available channels.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `property` (String) A Xfce preference key is an element in the Xfconf repository that corresponds to an application preference. If provided, then `channel` is required. If not provided and a `channel` is provided, then the module lists all available properties in that `channel`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `channels` (String) List of available channels. Returned when the module receives no parameter at all.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `is_array` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether the property is an array or not.
- `properties` (String) List of available properties for a specific channel. Returned by passing only the `channel` parameter to the module.
- `value` (String) The value of the property. Empty if the property is of array type.
- `value_array` (String) The array value of the property. Empty if the property is not of array type.
- `version` (String) The version of the `xfconf-query` command.
