---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_open_iscsi Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_open_iscsi (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_node_startup` (Boolean) Whether the target node should be automatically connected at startup.
- `auto_portal_startup` (Boolean) Whether the target node portal should be automatically connected at startup.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `discover` (Boolean) Whether the list of target nodes on the portal should be (re)discovered and added to the persistent iSCSI database. Keep in mind that `iscsiadm` discovery resets configuration, like `node.startup` to manual, hence combined with `auto_node_startup=true` always returns a changed state.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `login` (Boolean) Whether the target node should be connected. When `target` is omitted, it logins to all available.
- `node_auth` (String) The value for `node.session.auth.authmethod`.
- `node_pass` (String) The value for `node.session.auth.password`.
- `node_pass_in` (String) The value for `node.session.auth.password_in`.
- `node_user` (String) The value for `node.session.auth.username`.
- `node_user_in` (String) The value for `node.session.auth.username_in`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (String) The port on which the iSCSI target process listens.
- `portal` (String) The domain name or IP address of the iSCSI target.
- `rescan` (Boolean) Rescan an established session for discovering new targets. When `target` is omitted, it rescans all sessions.
- `show_nodes` (Boolean) Whether the list of nodes in the persistent iSCSI database should be returned by the module.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target` (String) The iSCSI target name.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
