---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_sqs_queue Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_sqs_queue (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the queue.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content_based_deduplication` (Boolean) Enables content-based deduplication. Used for FIFOs only. Defaults to `false`.
- `deduplication_scope` (String) Deduplication scope for FIFO queues. `messageGroup` is required for high throughput FIFO. Defaults to `queue` on creation.
- `delay_seconds` (Number) The delivery delay in seconds.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fifo_throughput_limit` (String) Throughput limit for FIFO queues. `perMessageGroupId` is required for high throughput FIFO. Defaults to `perQueue` on creation.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `kms_data_key_reuse_period_seconds` (Number) The length of time, in seconds, for which Amazon SQS can reuse a data key to encrypt or decrypt messages before calling AWS KMS again.
- `kms_master_key_id` (String) The ID of an AWS-managed customer master key (CMK) for Amazon SQS or a custom CMK. Specifying a valid *kms_master_key_id* will enable encryption automatically.
- `maximum_message_size` (Number) The maximum message size in bytes.
- `message_retention_period` (Number) The message retention period in seconds.
- `policy` (String) Policy to attach to the queue. Policy body can be YAML or JSON. This is required for certain use cases for example with S3 bucket notifications.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `queue_type` (String) Standard or FIFO queue. *queue_type* can only be set at queue creation and will otherwise be ignored.
- `receive_message_wait_time_seconds` (Number) The receive message wait time in seconds.
- `redrive_policy` (String) JSON dict with the redrive_policy (see example).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or delete the queue.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `visibility_timeout` (Number) The default visibility timeout in seconds.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `queue_arn` (String) The queue's Amazon resource name (ARN).
- `queue_url` (String) URL to access the queue
- `region` (String) Region that the queue was created within
