---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_keycloak_authz_custom_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_keycloak_authz_custom_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_id` (String) The `clientId` of the Keycloak client that should have the custom policy attached to it. This is usually a human-readable name of the Keycloak client.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the custom policy to create.
- `policy_type` (String) The type of the policy. This must match the name of the custom policy deployed to the server. Multiple policies pointing to the same policy type can be created, but their names have to differ.
- `realm` (String) The name of the Keycloak realm the Keycloak client is in.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the custom policy. On `present`, the custom policy is created (or updated if it exists already). On `absent`, the custom policy is removed if it exists.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `end_state` (String) Representation of the custom policy after module execution.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Message as to what action was taken.
