---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_one_image Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_one_image (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `create` (Boolean) Whether the image should be created if not present. This is ignored if `state=absent`.
- `datastore_id` (Number) Use with `create=true` to specify datastore for image.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the image should be enabled or disabled.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) A `name` of the image you would like to manage. Required if `create=true`.
- `new_name` (String) A name that is assigned to the existing or new image. In the case of cloning, by default `new_name` is set to the name of the origin image with the prefix 'Copy of'.
- `persistent` (Boolean) Whether the image should be persistent or non-persistent.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `present` - state that is used to manage the image. `absent` - delete the image. `cloned` - clone the image. `renamed` - rename the image to the `new_name`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template` (String) Use with `create=true` to specify image template.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait_timeout` (Number) Seconds to wait until image is ready, deleted or cloned.

### Read-Only

- `app_clones` (String) The image's list of app_clones ID's.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `clones` (String) The image's list of clones ID's.
- `cloning_id` (Number) The image's cloning ID.
- `cloning_ops` (Number) The image's cloning operations per second.
- `datastore` (Number) The image's datastore name.
- `disk_type` (String) The image's format type.
- `fstype` (String) The image's filesystem type.
- `group_id` (Number) Image's group ID.
- `group_name` (String) Image's group name.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `owner_id` (Number) Image's owner ID.
- `owner_name` (String) Image's owner name.
- `path` (String) The image's filesystem path.
- `permissions` (String) The image's permissions.
- `running_vms` (Number) Count of running vms that use this image.
- `size` (Number) The image's size in MegaBytes.
- `snapshots` (String) The image's list of snapshots.
- `source` (String) The image's source.
- `target_snapshot` (Number) The image's target snapshot.
- `type` (String) The image's type.
- `used` (Boolean) Is image in use.
- `vms` (String) The image's list of VM ID's.
