---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_psmodule Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_psmodule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the Windows PowerShell module that has to be installed.

### Optional

- `accept_license` (Boolean) Accepts the module's license. Required for modules that require license acceptance, since interactively answering the prompt is not possible. Corresponds to the `-AcceptLicense` parameter of `Install-Module`. Installation of a module or a dependency that requires license acceptance cannot be detected in check mode, but will cause a failure at runtime unless *accept_license=true*.
- `allow_clobber` (Boolean) If `yes` allows install modules that contains commands those have the same names as commands that already exists.
- `allow_prerelease` (Boolean) If `yes` installs modules marked as prereleases. It doesn't work with the parameters `minimum_version` and/or `maximum_version`. It doesn't work with the `state` set to absent.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Overrides warning messages about module installation conflicts If there is an existing module with the same name and version, force overwrites that version Corresponds to the `-Force` parameter of `Install-Module`. If module as dependency, it will also force reinstallation of dependency. Updating them to latest if version isn't specified in module manifest.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `maximum_version` (String) The maximum version of the PowerShell module that has to be installed.
- `minimum_version` (String) The minimum version of the PowerShell module that has to be installed.
- `password` (String) Password to authenticate against private repository.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `repository` (String) Name of the custom repository to use.
- `required_version` (String) The exact version of the PowerShell module that has to be installed.
- `skip_publisher_check` (Boolean) If `yes`, allows you to install a different version of a module that already exists on your computer in the case when a different one is not digitally signed by a trusted publisher and the newest existing module is digitally signed by a trusted publisher.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If `present` a new module is installed. If `absent` a module is removed. If `latest` a module is updated to the newest version.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Username to authenticate against private repository.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `nuget_changed` (Boolean) True when Nuget package provider is installed.
- `output` (String) A message describing the task result.
- `repository_changed` (Boolean) True when a custom repository is installed or removed.
