---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_directconnect_link_aggregation_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_directconnect_link_aggregation_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) The state of the Direct Connect link aggregation group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bandwidth` (String) The bandwidth of the link aggregation group.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connection_id` (String) A connection ID to link with the link aggregation group upon creation.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_with_disassociation` (Boolean) To be used with *state=absent* to delete connections after disassociating them with the LAG.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_delete` (Boolean) This allows the minimum number of links to be set to 0, any hosted connections disassociated, and any virtual interfaces associated to the LAG deleted.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `link_aggregation_group_id` (String) The ID of the Direct Connect link aggregation group.
- `location` (String) The location of the link aggregation group.
- `min_links` (Number) The minimum number of physical connections that must be operational for the LAG itself to be operational.
- `name` (String) The name of the Direct Connect link aggregation group.
- `num_connections` (Number) The number of connections with which to initialize the link aggregation group.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether or not to wait for the operation to complete. May be useful when waiting for virtual interfaces to be deleted. The time to wait can be controlled by setting *wait_timeout*.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) The duration in seconds to wait if *wait=true*.

### Read-Only

- `aws_device` (String) The AWS Direct Connection endpoint that hosts the LAG.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `connections` (String) A list of connections bundled by this LAG.
- `connections_bandwidth` (String) The individual bandwidth of the physical connections bundled by the LAG.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `lag_id` (String) Unique identifier for the link aggregation group.
- `lag_name` (String) User-provided name for the link aggregation group.
- `lag_state` (String) State of the LAG.
- `minimum_links` (Number) The minimum number of physical connections that must be operational for the LAG itself to be operational.
- `number_of_connections` (Number) The number of physical connections bundled by the LAG.
- `owner_account` (String) Owner account ID of the LAG.
- `region` (String) The region in which the LAG exists.
