---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_efs_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_efs_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Creation Token of Amazon EFS file system.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `targets` (String) List of targets on which to filter the returned results. Result must match all of the specified targets, each of which can be a security group ID, a subnet ID or an IP address.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creation_time` (String) timestamp of creation date
- `creation_token` (String) EFS creation token
- `file_system_id` (String) ID of the file system
- `filesystem_address` (String) url of file system
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `life_cycle_state` (String) state of the EFS file system
- `mount_point` (String) url of file system with leading dot from the time AWS EFS required to add network suffix to EFS address
- `mount_targets` (String) list of mount targets
- `number_of_mount_targets` (Number) the number of targets mounted
- `owner_id` (String) AWS account ID of EFS owner
- `performance_mode` (String) performance mode of the file system
- `provisioned_throughput_in_mibps` (Number) throughput provisioned in Mibps
- `size_in_bytes` (String) size of the file system in bytes as of a timestamp
- `throughput_mode` (String) mode of throughput for the file system
