---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_docker_docker_compose_v2_pull Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_docker_docker_compose_v2_pull (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_buildable` (Boolean) If set to `true`, will not pull images that can be built.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `include_deps` (Boolean) If set to `true`, also pull services that are declared as dependencies. This only makes sense if `services` is used.
- `policy` (String) Whether to pull images before running. This is used when `docker compose up` is ran. `always` ensures that the images are always pulled, even when already present on the Docker daemon. `missing` only pulls them when they are not present on the Docker daemon. This is only supported since Docker Compose 2.22.0.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `services` (String) Specifies a subset of services to be targeted.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `actions` (String) A list of actions that have been applied.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
