---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_psscript Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_psscript (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the script you want to install or remove.

### Optional

- `allow_prerelease` (Boolean) If `yes` installs scripts flagged as prereleases.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `maximum_version` (String) The maximum version of the script to install. Cannot be used when *state=latest*.
- `minimum_version` (String) The minimum version of the script to install. Cannot be used when *state=latest*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `repository` (String) The registered name of the repository you want to install from. Cannot be used when *state=absent*. If ommitted, all repositories will be searched. To register a repository, use `community.windows.win_psrepository`.
- `required_version` (String) The exact version of the script to install. Cannot be used with *minimum_version* or *maximum_version*. Cannot be used when *state=latest*.
- `scope` (String) Determines whether the script is installed for only the `current_user` or for `all_users`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_password` (String) The password portion of the credential required to access the repository. Must be used together with *source_username*.
- `source_username` (String) The username portion of the credential required to access the repository. Must be used together with *source_password*.
- `state` (String) The desired state of the script. `absent` removes the script. `latest` will ensure the most recent version available is installed. `present` only installs if the script is missing.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
