---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_acme_certificate_revoke Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_acme_certificate_revoke (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `certificate` (String) Path to the certificate to revoke.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `account_key_content` (String) Content of the ACME account RSA or Elliptic Curve key. Note that exactly one of `account_key_src`, `account_key_content`, `private_key_src`, or `private_key_content` must be specified. *Warning*: the content will be written into a temporary file, which will be deleted by Ansible when the module completes. Since this is an important private key — it can be used to change the account key, or to revoke your certificates without knowing their private keys —, this might not be acceptable. In case `cryptography` is used, the content is not written into a temporary file. It can still happen that it is written to disk by Ansible in the process of moving the module with its argument to the node where it is executed.
- `account_key_src` (String) Path to a file containing the ACME account RSA or Elliptic Curve key. RSA keys can be created with `openssl rsa ...`. Elliptic curve keys can be created with `openssl ecparam -genkey ...`. Any other tool creating private keys in PEM format can be used as well. Mutually exclusive with `account_key_content`. Required if `account_key_content` is not used.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_key_content` (String) Content of the certificate's private key. Note that exactly one of `account_key_src`, `account_key_content`, `private_key_src`, or `private_key_content` must be specified. *Warning*: the content will be written into a temporary file, which will be deleted by Ansible when the module completes. Since this is an important private key — it can be used to change the account key, or to revoke your certificates without knowing their private keys —, this might not be acceptable. In case `cryptography` is used, the content is not written into a temporary file. It can still happen that it is written to disk by Ansible in the process of moving the module with its argument to the node where it is executed.
- `private_key_passphrase` (String) Phassphrase to use to decode the certificate's private key. **Note:** this is not supported by the `openssl` backend, only by the `cryptography` backend.
- `private_key_src` (String) Path to the certificate's private key. Note that exactly one of `account_key_src`, `account_key_content`, `private_key_src`, or `private_key_content` must be specified.
- `revoke_reason` (Number) One of the revocation reasonCodes defined in [Section 5.3.1 of RFC5280](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5280#section-5.3.1). Possible values are `0` (unspecified), `1` (keyCompromise), `2` (cACompromise), `3` (affiliationChanged), `4` (superseded), `5` (cessationOfOperation), `6` (certificateHold), `8` (removeFromCRL), `9` (privilegeWithdrawn), `10` (aACompromise).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
