---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_gitlab_hook Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_gitlab_hook (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `hook_url` (String) The URL that you want GitLab to post to, this is used as the primary key for updates and deletion.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `project` (String) ID or Full path of the project in the form of group/name.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hook_validate_certs` (Boolean) Whether GitLab performs SSL verification when triggering the hook.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `issues_events` (Boolean) Trigger hook on issues events.
- `job_events` (Boolean) Trigger hook on job events.
- `merge_requests_events` (Boolean) Trigger hook on merge requests events.
- `note_events` (Boolean) Trigger hook on note events or when someone adds a comment.
- `pipeline_events` (Boolean) Trigger hook on pipeline events.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `push_events` (Boolean) Trigger hook on push events.
- `push_events_branch_filter` (String) Branch name of wildcard to trigger hook on push events.
- `releases_events` (Boolean) Trigger hook on release events.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `present` the hook is updated to match the input or created if it does not exist. When `absent` hook is deleted if it exists.
- `tag_push_events` (Boolean) Trigger hook on tag push events.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) Secret token to validate hook messages at the receiver. If this is present it always results in a change as it cannot be retrieved from GitLab. It shows up in the `X-GitLab-Token` HTTP request header.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wiki_page_events` (Boolean) Trigger hook on wiki events.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error` (String) The error message returned by the GitLab API.
- `hook` (String) API object.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Success or failure message.
- `result` (String) JSON parsed response from the server.
