---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_xenserver_guest Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_xenserver_guest (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cdrom` (String) A CD-ROM configuration for the VM. All parameters are case sensitive.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `custom_params` (String) Define a list of custom VM params to set on VM. Useful for advanced users familiar with managing VM params through `xe` CLI. A custom value object takes two fields `custom_params[].key` and `custom_params[].value` (see example below).
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disks` (String) A list of disks to add to VM. All parameters are case sensitive. Removing or detaching existing disks of VM is not supported. New disks are required to have either a `disks[].size` or one of `ignore:disks[].size_[tb,gb,mb,kb,b]` parameters specified. VM needs to be shut down to reconfigure disk size.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Destination folder for VM. This parameter is case sensitive. Example: `folder=/folder1/folder2`.
- `force` (Boolean) Ignore warnings and complete the actions. This parameter is useful for removing VM in running state or reconfiguring VM params that require VM to be shut down.
- `hardware` (String) Manage VM's hardware parameters. VM needs to be shut down to reconfigure these parameters.
- `home_server` (String) Name of a XenServer host that is a Home Server for the VM. This parameter is case sensitive.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_template` (Boolean) Convert VM to template.
- `linked_clone` (Boolean) Whether to create a Linked Clone from the template, existing VM or snapshot. If `false`, it creates a full copy. This is equivalent to `Use storage-level fast disk clone` option in XenCenter.
- `name` (String) Name of the VM to work with. VMs running on XenServer do not necessarily have unique names. The module fails if multiple VMs with same name are found. In case of multiple VMs with same name, use `uuid` to uniquely specify VM to manage. This parameter is case sensitive.
- `name_desc` (String) VM description.
- `networks` (String) A list of networks (in the order of the NICs). All parameters are case sensitive. Name is required for new NICs. Other parameters are optional in all cases.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specify the state VM should be in. If `state` is set to `present` and VM exists, ensure the VM configuration conforms to given parameters. If `state` is set to `present` and VM does not exist, then VM is deployed with given parameters. If `state` is set to `absent` and VM exists, then VM is removed with its associated components. If `state` is set to `poweredon` and VM does not exist, then VM is deployed with given parameters and powered on automatically.
- `state_change_timeout` (Number) By default, the module waits indefinitely for VM to acquire an IP address if `wait_for_ip_address=true`. If this parameter is set to a positive value, the module instead waits the specified number of seconds for the state change. In case of timeout, module generates an error message.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template` (String) Name of a template, an existing VM (must be shut down) or a snapshot that should be used to create VM. Templates/VMs/snapshots on XenServer do not necessarily have unique names. The module fails if multiple templates with same name are found. In case of multiple templates/VMs/snapshots with same name, use `template_uuid` to uniquely specify source template. If VM already exists, this setting is ignored. This parameter is case sensitive.
- `template_uuid` (String) UUID of a template, an existing VM or a snapshot that should be used to create VM. It is required if template name is not unique.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the VM to manage if known. This is XenServer's unique identifier. It is required if name is not unique. Please note that a supplied UUID is ignored on VM creation, as XenServer creates the UUID internally.
- `wait_for_ip_address` (Boolean) Wait until XenServer detects an IP address for the VM. If `state` is set to `absent`, this parameter is ignored. This requires XenServer Tools to be preinstalled on the VM to work properly.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `changes` (String) Detected or made changes to VM.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `instance` (String) Metadata about the VM.
