---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_template Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_template (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clear_templates` (String) List of template names to be unlinked and cleared from the template. This option is ignored if template is being created for the first time.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `link_templates` (String) List of template names to be linked to the template. Templates that are not specified and are linked to the existing template will be only unlinked and not cleared from the template.
- `macros` (String) List of user macros to create for the template. Macros that are not specified and are present on the existing template will be replaced. See examples on how to pass macros.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Required state of the template. On `state=present` template will be created/imported or updated depending if it is already present. On `state=absent` template will be deleted.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template_groups` (String) List of template groups to add template to when template is created. Replaces the current template groups the template belongs to if the template is already present. Required when creating a new template with `state=present` and *template_name* is used. Not required when updating an existing template.
- `template_json` (String) JSON dump of templates to import. Multiple templates can be imported this way. Mutually exclusive with *template_name* and *template_xml* and *template_yaml*.
- `template_name` (String) Name of Zabbix template. Required when *template_json* or *template_xml* are not used. Mutually exclusive with *template_json* and *template_xml*.
- `template_xml` (String) XML dump of templates to import. Multiple templates can be imported this way. Mutually exclusive with *template_name* and *template_json* and *template_yaml*.
- `template_yaml` (String) Context of exported templates file to import. Multiple templates can be imported this way. Mutually exclusive with *template_name* and *template_json* and *template_xml*.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
