---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_shutdown Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_shutdown (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delay` (Number) Seconds to wait before shutdown. Passed as a parameter to the shutdown command. On Linux, macOS and OpenBSD, this is converted to minutes and rounded down. If less than 60, it is set to 0. On Solaris and FreeBSD, this represents seconds.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `msg` (String) Message to display to users before shutdown.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `search_paths` (String) Paths to search on the remote machine for the `shutdown` command. *Only* these paths are searched for the `shutdown` command. `PATH` is ignored in the remote node when searching for the `shutdown` command.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `shutdown` (Boolean) `true` if the machine has been shut down.
