---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_clickhouse_clickhouse_quota Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_clickhouse_clickhouse_quota (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Quota name to add or remove.

### Optional

- `apply_to` (String) Apply this quota to the following list of users/roles dependent on `apply_to_mode`. Can include special keywords of default and current_user or the name of an actual user or role. Is an error to specify this if `apply_to_mode=all`.
- `apply_to_mode` (String) When `listed_only` (default), the quota will only apply to the users/roles specified in `apply_to`. When `all`, the quota will only apply to **all** users/roles. When `all_except_listed`, the quota will only apply to **all** the users/roles except those specified in `apply_to`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster` (String) Run the command on all cluster hosts. If the cluster is not configured, the command will crash with an error.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `keyed_by` (String) Keys the quota by the specified key (default is to not key).
- `limits` (String) The limits that this quota should enforce.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Quota state. `present` creates the quota if it does not exist. `absent` deletes the quota if it exists.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `executed_statements` (String) Data-modifying executed statements.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
