---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_oneandone_load_balancer Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_oneandone_load_balancer (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `add_rules` (String) A list of rules that are added to an existing load balancer. It is syntax is the same as the one used for rules parameter. Used in combination with `state=update`.
- `add_server_ips` (String) A list of server identifiers (id or name) to be assigned to a load balancer. Used in combination with `state=update`.
- `api_url` (String) Custom API URL. Overrides the `ONEANDONE_API_URL` environment variable.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_token` (String) Authenticating API token provided by 1&1.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datacenter` (String) ID or country code of the datacenter where the load balancer is created. If not specified, it defaults to `US`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the load balancer. maxLength=256.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `health_check_interval` (String) Health check period in seconds. minimum=5, maximum=300, multipleOf=1.
- `health_check_parse` (String) Regular expression to check. Required for HTTP health check. maxLength=64.
- `health_check_path` (String) URL to call for checking. Required for HTTP health check. maxLength=1000.
- `health_check_test` (String) Type of the health check. At the moment, HTTP is not allowed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `load_balancer` (String) The identifier (id or name) of the load balancer used with update state.
- `method` (String) Balancing procedure.
- `name` (String) Load balancer name used with present state. Used as identifier (ID or name) when used with absent state. maxLength=128.
- `persistence` (Boolean) Persistence.
- `persistence_time` (String) Persistence time in seconds. Required if persistence is enabled. minimum=30, maximum=1200, multipleOf=1.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remove_rules` (String) A list of rule IDs that are removed from an existing load balancer. Used in combination with `state=update`.
- `remove_server_ips` (String) A list of server IP IDs to be unassigned from a load balancer. Used in combination with `state=update`.
- `rules` (String) A list of rule objects that are set for the load balancer. Each rule must contain protocol, port_balancer, and port_server parameters, in addition to source parameter, which is optional.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Define a load balancer state to create, remove, or update.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait for the instance to be in state 'running' before returning.
- `wait_interval` (Number) Defines the number of seconds to wait when using the _wait_for methods.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long before wait gives up, in seconds.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
