---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_swupd Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_swupd (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `contenturl` (String) URL pointing to the contents of available bundles. If not specified, the contents are retrieved from clearlinux.org.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `format` (String) The format suffix for version file downloads. For example `1`, `2`, `3`, and so on, or the special value `staging`. If not specified, the default format is used.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `manifest` (Number) The manifest contains information about the bundles at certain version of the OS. Specify a Manifest version to verify against that version or leave unspecified to verify against the current version.
- `name` (String) Name of the (I)bundle to install or remove.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicates the desired (I)bundle state. `present` ensures the bundle is installed while `absent` ensures the (I)bundle is not installed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update` (Boolean) Updates the OS to the latest version.
- `url` (String) Overrides both `contenturl` and `versionurl`.
- `verify` (Boolean) Verify content for OS version.
- `versionurl` (String) URL for version string download.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
