---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ss_3par_cpg Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ss_3par_cpg (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cpg_name` (String) Name of the CPG.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) Whether the specified CPG should exist or not.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disk_type` (String) Specifies that physical disks must have the specified device type.
- `domain` (String) Specifies the name of the domain in which the object resides.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `growth_increment` (String) Specifies the growth increment(in MiB, GiB or TiB) the amount of logical disk storage created on each auto-grow operation.
- `growth_limit` (String) Specifies that the autogrow operation is limited to the specified storage amount that sets the growth limit (in MiB, GiB or TiB).
- `growth_warning` (String) Specifies that the threshold (in MiB, GiB or TiB) of used logical disk space when exceeded results in a warning alert.
- `high_availability` (String) Specifies that the layout must support the failure of one port pair, one cage, or one magazine.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `raid_type` (String) Specifies the RAID type for the logical disk.
- `secure` (Boolean) Specifies whether the certificate needs to be validated while communicating.
- `set_size` (Number) Specifies the set size in the number of chunklets.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
