---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_template Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_template (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `checksum` (String) The checksum to validate against. Checksums are often provided by software distributors to verify that a download is not corrupted. Checksums can usually be found on the distributors download page in the form of a file or string. If specified, `checksum_algorithm` must also be specified.
- `checksum_algorithm` (String) Algorithm used to verify the checksum. If specified, `checksum` must also be specified.
- `content_type` (String) Content type of the template. Valid values are `vztmpl` for LXC container templates, `iso` for ISO disc images, and `import` for harddisk images and Open Virtual Appliances (OVA).
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) It can only be used with `state=present`, existing template will be overwritten.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `node` (String) Proxmox VE node on which to operate.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `src` (String) Path to uploaded file. Exactly one of `src` or `url` is required for `state=present`.
- `state` (String) Indicate desired state of the template.
- `storage` (String) Target storage.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template` (String) The template name. Required for `state=absent` to delete a template. Required for `state=present` to download an appliance container template (pveam).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) URL to file to download. Exactly one of `src` or `url` is required for `state=present`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
