---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_ec2_ami_copy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_ec2_ami_copy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `source_image_id` (String) The ID of the AMI in source region that should be copied.
- `source_region` (String) The source region the AMI should be copied from.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional human-readable string describing the contents and purpose of the new AMI.
- `encrypted` (Boolean) Whether or not the destination snapshots of the copied AMI should be encrypted.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `kms_key_id` (String) KMS key id used to encrypt the image. If not specified, uses default EBS Customer Master Key (CMK) for your account.
- `name` (String) The name of the new AMI to copy. (As of 2.3 the default is `default`, in prior versions it was `null`.)
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tag_equality` (Boolean) Whether to use tags if the source AMI already exists in the target region. If this is set, and all tags match in an existing AMI, the AMI will not be copied again.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait for the copied AMI to be in state `available` before returning.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long before wait gives up, in seconds. Prior to 2.3 the default was `1200`. From 2.3-2.5 this option was deprecated in favor of boto3 waiter defaults. This was reenabled in 2.6 to allow timeouts greater than 10 minutes.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `image_id` (String) AMI ID of the copied AMI
