---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_docker_docker_context_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_docker_docker_context_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cli_context` (String) Override for the default context's name. This is preferably used for context selection when `only_current=true`, and it is used to compute the return values R`contexts[].current` and R`current_context_name`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) A specific Docker CLI context to query. The module will fail if this context does not exist. If you simply want to query whether a context exists, do not specify this parameter and use Jinja2 to search the resulting list for a context of the given name instead. Mutually exclusive with `only_current`.
- `only_current` (Boolean) If set to `true`, R`contexts` will just contain the current context and none else. If set to `false` (default), R`contexts` will list all contexts, unless `name` is specified. Mutually exclusive to `name`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `contexts` (String) A list of all contexts (`only_current=false`, `name` not specified), only the current context (`only_current=true`), or the requested context (`name` specified).
- `current_context_name` (String) The name of the current Docker context.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
