---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `userid` (String) The user name. Must include the desired PVE authentication realm.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Specify the description for the user.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `email` (String) Email address for the user.
- `enable` (Boolean) Whether or not the account is active.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `expire` (Number) Expiration date of the user in seconds after epoch. 0 means no expiration date.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `firstname` (String) First name of the user.
- `groups` (String) List of groups the user is a member of.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `keys` (String) Keys for two factor authentication (yubico).
- `lastname` (String) Last name of the user.
- `password` (String) Initial password. Only for PVE Authentication Realm users. Parameter is ignored when user already exists or `state=absent`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicate desired state of the user.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) A short message on what the module did.
