---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_imc_rest Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_imc_rest (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `hostname` (String) IP Address or hostname of Cisco IMC, resolvable by Ansible control host.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content` (String) When used instead of `path`, sets the content of the API requests directly. This may be convenient to template simple requests, for anything complex use the `ansible.builtin.template` module. You can collate multiple IMC XML fragments and they are processed sequentially in a single stream, the Cisco IMC output is subsequently merged. Parameter `content` is mutual exclusive with parameter `path`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) The password to use for authentication.
- `path` (String) Name of the absolute path of the filename that includes the body of the http request being sent to the Cisco IMC REST API. Parameter `path` is mutual exclusive with parameter `content`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `protocol` (String) Connection protocol to use.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Username used to login to the switch.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If `false`, SSL certificates are not validated. This should only set to `false` used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates.

### Read-Only

- `aaLogin` (String) Cisco IMC XML output for the login, translated to JSON using Cobra convention.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `configConfMo` (String) Cisco IMC XML output for any configConfMo XML fragments, translated to JSON using Cobra convention.
- `elapsed` (Number) Elapsed time in seconds.
- `error` (String) Cisco IMC XML error output for last request, translated to JSON using Cobra convention.
- `error_code` (String) Cisco IMC error code.
- `error_text` (String) Cisco IMC error message.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `input` (String) RAW XML input sent to the Cisco IMC, causing the error.
- `output` (String) RAW XML output received from the Cisco IMC, with error details.
- `response` (String) HTTP response message, including content length.
- `status` (String) The HTTP response status code.
