---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_host_service_manager Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_host_service_manager (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `service_name` (String) Name of Service to be managed. This is a brief identifier for the service, for example, ntpd, vxsyslogd etc. This value should be a valid ESXi service name.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the cluster. Service settings are applied to every ESXi host system/s in given cluster. If `esxi_hostname` is not given, this parameter is required.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `esxi_hostname` (String) ESXi hostname. Service settings are applied to this ESXi host system. If `cluster_name` is not given, this parameter is required.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `service_policy` (String) Set of valid service policy strings. If set `on`, then service should be started when the host starts up. If set `automatic`, then service should run if and only if it has open firewall ports. If set `off`, then Service should not be started when the host starts up.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of service. `start` and `present` has same effect. `stop` and `absent` has same effect. `unchanged` allows defining `service_policy` without defining or changing service state.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
