---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_timezone Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_timezone (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hwclock` (String) Whether the hardware clock is in UTC or in local timezone. Default is to keep current setting. Note that this option is recommended not to change and may fail to configure, especially on virtual environments such as AWS. **At least one** of `name` and `hwclock` are required. *Only used on Linux*.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Name of the timezone for the system clock. Default is to keep current setting. **At least one** of `name` and `hwclock` are required.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
