---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ipa_otptoken Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ipa_otptoken (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `uniqueid` (String) Unique ID of the token in IPA.

### Optional

- `algorithm` (String) Token hash algorithm. **Note:** Cannot be modified after OTP is created.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `counter` (Number) Initial counter for the HOTP token. **Note:** Cannot be modified after OTP is created.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the token (informational only).
- `digits` (Number) Number of digits each token code has. **Note:** Cannot be modified after OTP is created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Mark the token as enabled (default `true`).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interval` (Number) Length of TOTP token code validity in seconds. **Note:** Cannot be modified after OTP is created.
- `model` (String) Token model (informational only).
- `newuniqueid` (String) If specified, the unique ID specified is changed to this.
- `notafter` (String) Last date/time the token can be used. In the format `YYYYMMddHHmmss`. For example, `20200121182022` allows the token to be used until 21 January 2020 at 18:20:22.
- `notbefore` (String) First date/time the token can be used. In the format `YYYYMMddHHmmss`. For example, `20180121182022` allows the token to be used starting on 21 January 2018 at 18:20:22.
- `offset` (Number) TOTP token / IPA server time difference. **Note:** Cannot be modified after OTP is created.
- `otptype` (String) Type of OTP. **Note:** Cannot be modified after OTP is created.
- `owner` (String) Assigned user of the token.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `secretkey` (String) Token secret (Base64). If OTP is created and this is not specified, a random secret is generated by IPA. **Note:** Cannot be modified after OTP is created.
- `serial` (String) Token serial (informational only).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State to ensure.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vendor` (String) Token vendor name (informational only).

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `otptoken` (String) OTP Token as returned by IPA API.
