---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_udm_dns_record Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_udm_dns_record (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the record, this is also the DNS record. For example `www` for www.example.com. For PTR records this has to be the IP address.
- `type` (String) Define the record type. `host_record` is a A or AAAA record, `alias` is a CNAME, `ptr_record` is a PTR record, `srv_record` is a SRV record and `txt_record` is a TXT record. The available choices are: `host_record`, `alias`, `ptr_record`, `srv_record`, `txt_record`.
- `zone` (String) Corresponding DNS zone for this record, for example `example.com`. For PTR records this has to be the full reverse zone (for example `1.1.192.in-addr.arpa`).

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `data` (String) Additional data for this record, for example `{'a': '192.0.2.1'}`. Required if `state=present`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the DNS record is present or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
