---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_rhsm_repository Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_rhsm_repository (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The ID of repositories to enable. To operate on several repositories this can accept a comma separated list or a YAML list.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge` (Boolean) Disable all currently enabled repositories that are not not specified in `name`. Only set this to `true` if passing in a list of repositories to the `name` field. Using this with `loop` is likely not to have the desired result.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If state is equal to present or disabled, indicates the desired repository state. In community.general 10.0.0 the states `present` and `absent` have been removed. Please use `enabled` and `disabled` instead.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `repositories` (String) The list of RHSM repositories with their states. When this module is used to change the repository states, this list contains the updated states after the changes.
