---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_mysql_mysql_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_mysql_mysql_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the user (role) to add or remove.

### Optional

- `append_privs` (Boolean) Append the privileges defined by priv to the existing ones for this user instead of overwriting existing ones. Mutually exclusive with *subtract_privs*.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attributes` (String) Create, update, or delete user attributes (arbitrary 'key: value' comments) for the user. MySQL server must support the INFORMATION_SCHEMA.USER_ATTRIBUTES table. Provided since MySQL 8.0. To delete an existing attribute, set its value to null.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `check_implicit_admin` (Boolean) Check if mysql allows login as root/nopassword before trying supplied credentials. If success, passed *login_user*/*login_password* will be ignored.
- `column_case_sensitive` (Boolean) The default is `true`. When `true`, the module will not uppercase the field names in the privileges. When `false`, the field names will be upper-cased. This is the default This feature was introduced because MySQL 8 and above uses case sensitive fields names in privileges. The default changed from `false` to `true` in v4.0.0
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encrypted` (Boolean) Indicate that the 'password' field is a `mysql_native_password` hash.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of nameâ†’value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_context` (Boolean) Sets the Đˇ(mysql) system database as context for the executed statements (it will be used as a database to connect to). Useful if you use binlog / replication filters in MySQL as per default the statements can not be caught by a binlog / replication filter, they require a database to be set to work, otherwise the replication can break down. See https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/replication-options-binary-log.html#option_mysqld_binlog-ignore-db for a description on how binlog filters work (filtering on the primary). See https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/replication-options-replica.html#option_mysqld_replicate-ignore-db for a description on how replication filters work (filtering on the replica).
- `host` (String) The 'host' part of the MySQL username.
- `host_all` (Boolean) Override the host option, making ansible apply changes to all hostnames for a given user. This option cannot be used when creating users.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `locked` (Boolean) Lock account to prevent connections using it. This is primarily used for creating a user that will act as a DEFINER on stored procedures. If not specified leaves the lock state as is (for a new user creates unlocked).
- `password` (String) Set the user's password. Only for `mysql_native_password` authentication. For other authentication plugins see the combination of *plugin*, *plugin_hash_string*, *plugin_auth_string*.
- `password_expire` (String) `never` - *password* will never expire. `default` - *password* is defined using global system variable *default_password_lifetime* setting. `interval` - *password* will expire in days which is defined in *password_expire_interval*. `now` - *password* will expire immediately.
- `password_expire_interval` (Number) Number of days *password* will expire. Requires *password_expire=interval*.
- `plugin` (String) User's plugin to authenticate (``CREATE USER user IDENTIFIED WITH plugin``).
- `plugin_auth_string` (String) User's plugin auth_string (``CREATE USER user IDENTIFIED WITH plugin BY plugin_auth_string``). If *plugin* is ``pam`` (MariaDB) or ``auth_pam`` (MySQL) an optional *plugin_auth_string* can be used to choose a specific PAM service. You need to define a *salt* to have idempotence on password change with ``caching_sha2_password`` and ``sha256_password`` plugins.
- `plugin_hash_string` (String) User's plugin hash string (``CREATE USER user IDENTIFIED WITH plugin AS plugin_hash_string``).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `priv` (String) MySQL privileges string in the format: `db.table:priv1,priv2`. Additionally, there must be no spaces between the table and the privilege as this will yield a non-idempotent check mode. Multiple privileges can be specified by separating each one using a forward slash: `db.table1:priv/db.table2:priv`. The format is based on MySQL `GRANT` statement. Database and table names can be quoted, MySQL-style. If column privileges are used, the `priv1,priv2` part must be exactly as returned by a `SHOW GRANT` statement. If not followed, the module will always report changes. It includes grouping columns by permission (`SELECT(col1,col2`) instead of `SELECT(col1`,SELECT(col2))). Can be passed as a dictionary (see the examples). Supports GRANTs for procedures and functions (see the examples). Note: If you pass the same `db.table` combination to this parameter two or more times with different privileges, for example, `'*.*:SELECT/*.*:SHOW VIEW'`, only the last one will be applied, in this example, it will be `SHOW VIEW` respectively. Use `'*.*:SELECT,SHOW VIEW'` instead to apply both.
- `resource_limits` (String) Limit the user for certain server resources. Provided since MySQL 5.6 / MariaDB 10.2. Available options are `MAX_QUERIES_PER_HOUR: num`, `MAX_UPDATES_PER_HOUR: num`, `MAX_CONNECTIONS_PER_HOUR: num`, `MAX_USER_CONNECTIONS: num`, `MAX_STATEMENT_TIME: num` (supported only for MariaDB since collection version 3.7.0). Used when *state=present*, ignored otherwise.
- `salt` (String) Salt used to generate password hash from *plugin_auth_string*. Salt length must be 20 characters. Salt only support ``caching_sha2_password`` or ``sha256_password`` authentication *plugin*.
- `session_vars` (String) Dictionary of session variables in form of `variable: value` to set at the beginning of module execution. Cannot be used to set global variables, use the `community.mysql.mysql_variables` module instead.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sql_log_bin` (Boolean) Whether binary logging should be enabled or disabled for the connection.
- `state` (String) Whether the user should exist. When `absent`, removes the user.
- `subtract_privs` (Boolean) Revoke the privileges defined by the *priv* option and keep other existing privileges. If set, invalid privileges in *priv* are ignored. Mutually exclusive with *append_privs*.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tls_requires` (String) Set requirement for secure transport as a dictionary of requirements (see the examples). Valid requirements are SSL, X509, SUBJECT, ISSUER, CIPHER. SUBJECT, ISSUER and CIPHER are complementary, and mutually exclusive with SSL and X509. https://mariadb.com/kb/en/securing-connections-for-client-and-server/#requiring-tls.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_password` (String) `always` will update passwords if they differ. This affects *password* and the combination of *plugin*, *plugin_hash_string*, *plugin_auth_string*. `on_create` will only set the password or the combination of *plugin*, *plugin_hash_string*, *plugin_auth_string* for newly created users. `on_new_username` works like `on_create`, but it tries to reuse an existing password: If one different user with the same username exists, or multiple different users with the same username and equal `plugin` and `authentication_string` attribute, the existing `plugin` and `authentication_string` are used for the new user instead of the *password*, *plugin*, *plugin_hash_string* or *plugin_auth_string* argument.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
