---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_mongodb_mongodb_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_mongodb_mongodb_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filter` (String) Limit the collected information by comma separated string or YAML list. Allowable values are `general`, `databases`, `total_size`, `parameters`, `users`, `roles`. By default, collects all subsets. You can use '!' before value (for example, `!users`) to exclude it from the information. If you pass including and excluding values to the filter, for example, *filter=!general,users*, the excluding values, `!general` in this case, will be ignored.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `databases` (String) Database information.
- `general` (String) General instance information.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `parameters` (String) Server parameters information.
- `roles` (String) Role information.
- `total_size` (Number) Total size of all databases in bytes.
- `users` (String) User information.
