---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_dvswitch_uplink_pg Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_dvswitch_uplink_pg (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `switch` (String) The name of the Distributed Switch.

### Optional

- `advanced` (String) Dictionary which configures the advanced policy settings for the uplink portgroup.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `block_all_ports` (Boolean) Indicates if all ports are blocked on the uplink portgroup.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the uplink portgroup.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lacp` (String) Dictionary which configures the LACP settings for the uplink portgroup. The options are only used if the LACP support mode is set to 'basic'.
- `name` (String) The name of the uplink portgroup. The current name will be used if not specified.
- `netflow_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if NetFlow is enabled on the uplink portgroup.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vlan_trunk_range` (String) The VLAN trunk range that should be configured with the uplink portgroup. This can be a combination of multiple ranges and numbers, example: [ 2-3967, 4049-4092 ].

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) information about performed operation
