---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_influxdb_retention_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_influxdb_retention_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database_name` (String) Name of the database.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `policy_name` (String) Name of the retention policy.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `default` (Boolean) Sets the retention policy as default retention policy.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `duration` (String) Determines how long InfluxDB should keep the data. If specified, it should be `INF` or at least one hour. If not specified, `INF` is assumed. Supports complex duration expressions with multiple units. Required only if `state` is set to `present`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `replication` (Number) Determines how many independent copies of each point are stored in the cluster. Required only if `state` is set to `present`.
- `shard_group_duration` (String) Determines the time range covered by a shard group. If specified it must be at least one hour. If not provided, it is determined by InfluxDB by the rentention policy's duration. Supports complex duration expressions with multiple units.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the retention policy.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
