---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_acme_certificate_renewal_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_acme_certificate_renewal_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `ari_algorithm` (String) If ARI information is used, selects which algorithm is used to determine whether to renew now. `standard` selects the [algorithm provided in the the ARI specification]( https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9773.html#section-4.2). `start` returns R`should_renew=true` once the start of the renewal interval has been reached.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `certificate_content` (String) The content of the X.509 certificate to determine renewal of. `certificate_path` and `certificate_content` are mutually exclusive.
- `certificate_path` (String) A path to the X.509 certificate to determine renewal of. In case the certificate does not exist, the module will always return R`should_renew=true`. `certificate_path` and `certificate_content` are mutually exclusive.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `now` (String) Use this timestamp instead of the current timestamp to determine whether a certificate should be renewed. Time can be specified either as relative time or as absolute timestamp. Time will always be interpreted as UTC. Valid format is `[+-]timespec | ASN.1 TIME` where timespec can be an integer + `[w | d | h | m | s]` (for example `+32w1d2h`).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remaining_days` (Number) The number of days the certificate must have left being valid. For example, if `remaining_days=20`, this check causes R`should_renew=true` if the certificate is valid for less than 20 days.
- `remaining_percentage` (Number) The percentage of the certificate's validity period that should be left. For example, if `remaining_percentage=0.1`, and the certificate's validity period is 90 days, this check causes R`should_renew=true` if the certificate is valid for less than 9 days. Must be a value between 0 and 1.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `treat_parsing_error_as_non_existing` (Boolean) Determines the behavior when the certificate file exists or its contents are provided, but the certificate cannot be parsed. If `true`, will exit successfully with R`exists=true`, R`parsable=false`, and R`should_renew=true`. If `false`, the module will fail. If the file exists, but cannot be loaded due to I/O errors or permission errors, the module always fails.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_ari` (Boolean) Whether to use ARI information, if available. Set this to `false` if the ACME server implements ARI in a way that is incompatible with this module.

### Read-Only

- `cert_id` (String) The certificate ID according to [Section 4.1 in RFC 9773]( https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9773.html#section-4.1).
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `exists` (Boolean) Whether the certificate file exists, or `certificate_content` was provided.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Information on the reason for renewal. Should be shown to the user, as in case of ARI triggered renewal it can contain important information, for example on forced revocations for misissued certificates.
- `parsable` (Boolean) Whether the certificate file exists, or `certificate_content` was provided, and the certificate can be parsed. Can only differ from R`exists` if `treat_parsing_error_as_non_existing=true`.
- `should_renew` (Boolean) Whether the certificate should be renewed. If no certificate is provided, or the certificate is expired, will always be `true`.
- `supports_ari` (Boolean) Whether ARI information was used to determine renewal. This can be used to determine whether to specify `community.crypto.acme_certificate#module:include_renewal_cert_id=when_ari_supported` for the `community.crypto.acme_certificate` module. If `use_ari=false`, this will always be `false`.
