---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_homebrew_cask Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_homebrew_cask (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `accept_external_apps` (Boolean) Allow external apps.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `greedy` (Boolean) Upgrade casks that auto update. Passes `--greedy` to `brew outdated --cask` when checking if an installed cask has a newer version available, or to `brew upgrade --cask` when upgrading all casks.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `install_options` (String) Options flags to install a package.
- `name` (String) Name of cask to install or remove.
- `path` (String) ':' separated list of paths to search for 'brew' executable.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the cask.
- `sudo_password` (String) The sudo password to be passed to `SUDO_ASKPASS`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_homebrew` (Boolean) Update homebrew itself first. Note that `brew cask update` is a synonym for `brew update`.
- `upgrade_all` (Boolean) Upgrade all casks. Mutually exclusive with `upgraded` state.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
