---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_kvm Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_kvm (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `acpi` (Boolean) Specify if ACPI should be enabled/disabled.
- `agent` (String) Specify if the QEMU Guest Agent should be enabled/disabled.
- `archive` (String) Specify a path to an archive to restore (instead of creating or cloning a VM).
- `args` (String) Pass arbitrary arguments to kvm. This option is for experts only!
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `audio` (String) A hash/dictionary of audio devices for the VM. `audio={"key":"value", "key":"value"}`. Keys allowed are - `audio[n]` where 0 ≤ n ≤ N. Values allowed are - `device="ich9-intel-hda|intel-hda|AC97",driver="none|spice"`. `device` is either `ich9-intel-hda` or `intel-hda` or `AC97`. Option `driver` is `none` or `spice`.
- `autostart` (Boolean) Specify if the VM should be automatically restarted after crash (currently ignored in PVE API).
- `balloon` (Number) Specify the amount of RAM for the VM in MB. Using zero disables the balloon driver.
- `bios` (String) Specify the BIOS implementation.
- `boot` (String) Specify the boot order -> boot on floppy `a`, hard disk `c`, CD-ROM `d`, or network `n`. For newer versions of Proxmox VE, use a boot order like `order=scsi0;net0;hostpci0`. You can combine to set order. Network boot requires setting `rng0` since PVE 8.3.5.
- `bootdisk` (String) Enable booting from specified disk. Format `(ide|sata|scsi|virtio\`\\d+).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cicustom` (String) Cloud-init: Specify custom files to replace the automatically generated ones at start.
- `cipassword` (String) Cloud-init: password of default user to create.
- `citype` (String) Cloud-init: Specifies the cloud-init configuration format. The default depends on the configured operating system type (`ostype`). We use the `nocloud` format for Linux, and `configdrive2` for Windows.
- `ciupgrade` (Boolean) Cloud-init: do an automatic package upgrade after the first boot.
- `ciuser` (String) Cloud-init: username of default user to create.
- `clone` (String) Name of VM to be cloned. If `vmid` is set, `clone` can take an arbitrary value but is required for initiating the clone.
- `cores` (Number) Specify number of cores per socket.
- `cpu` (String) Specify emulated CPU type.
- `cpulimit` (Number) Specify if CPU usage will be limited. Value `0` indicates no CPU limit. If the computer has 2 CPUs, it has total of '2' CPU time.
- `cpuunits` (Number) Specify CPU weight for a VM. You can disable fair-scheduler configuration by setting this to `0`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete` (String) Specify a list of settings you want to delete.
- `description` (String) Specify the description for the VM. Only used on the configuration web interface. This is saved as comment inside the configuration file.
- `digest` (String) Specify if to prevent changes if current configuration file has different SHA1 digest. This can be used to prevent concurrent modifications.
- `efidisk0` (String) Specify a hash/dictionary of EFI disk options. Requires `bios=ovmf` to be set to be able to use it.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Allow to force stop VM. Can be used with states `stopped`, `restarted`, and `absent`. Requires parameter `archive`.
- `format` (String) Target drive's backing file's data format. Used only with clone. Use `format=unspecified` and `full=false` for a linked clone. Please refer to the Proxmox VE Administrator Guide, section Proxmox VE Storage (see https://pve.proxmox.com/pve-docs/chapter-pvesm.html for the latest version, tables 3 to 14) to find out format supported by the provided storage backend. Not specifying this option is equivalent to setting it to `unspecified`.
- `freeze` (Boolean) Specify if PVE should freeze CPU at startup (use 'c' monitor command to start execution).
- `full` (Boolean) Create a full copy of all disk. This is always done when you clone a normal VM. For VM templates, we try to create a linked clone by default. Used only with clone.
- `hookscript` (String) Script that will be executed during various steps in the containers lifetime.
- `hostpci` (String) Specify a hash/dictionary of map host pci devices into guest. `hostpci='{"key":"value", "key":"value"}'`. Keys allowed are - `hostpci[n]` where 0 ≤ n ≤ N. Values allowed are - `"host="HOSTPCIID[;HOSTPCIID2...]",pcie="1|0",rombar="1|0",x-vga="1|0""`. The `host` parameter is Host PCI device pass through. HOSTPCIID syntax is `bus:dev.func` (hexadecimal numbers). `pcie=boolean` `default=0` Choose the PCI-express bus (needs the q35 machine model). `rombar=boolean` `default=1` Specify whether or not the device's ROM will be visible in the guest's memory map. `x-vga=boolean` `default=0` Enable vfio-vga device support. /!\ This option allows direct access to host hardware. So it is no longer possible to migrate such machines - use with special care.
- `hotplug` (String) Selectively enable hotplug features. This is a comma separated list of hotplug features `network`, `disk`, `cpu`, `memory`, and `usb`. Value 0 disables hotplug completely and value 1 is an alias for the default `network,disk,usb`.
- `hugepages` (String) Enable/disable hugepages memory.
- `ide` (String) A hash/dictionary of volume used as IDE hard disk or CD-ROM. `ide='{"key":"value", "key":"value"}'`. Keys allowed are - `ide[n]` where 0 ≤ n ≤ 3. Values allowed are - `"storage:size,format=value"`. `storage` is the storage identifier where to create the disk. `size` is the size of the disk in GiB. `format` is the drive's backing file's data format. `qcow2|raw|subvol`. Please refer to the Proxmox VE Administrator Guide, section Proxmox VE Storage (see https://pve.proxmox.com/pve-docs/chapter-pvesm.html for the latest version, tables 3 to 14) to find out format supported by the provided storage backend.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipconfig` (String) Cloud-init: Set the IP configuration. A hash/dictionary of network IP configurations. `ipconfig='{"key":"value", "key":"value"}'`. Keys allowed are - `ipconfig[n]` where 0 ≤ n ≤ network interfaces. Values allowed are - `"[gw=<GatewayIPv4>] [,gw6=<GatewayIPv6>] [,ip=<IPv4Format/CIDR>] [,ip6=<IPv6Format/CIDR>]"`. Cloud-init: Specify IP addresses and gateways for the corresponding interface. IP addresses use CIDR notation, gateways are optional but they should be in the same subnet of specified IP address. The special string `dhcp` can be used for IP addresses to use DHCP, in which case no explicit gateway should be provided. For IPv6 the special string `auto` can be used to use stateless autoconfiguration. If cloud-init is enabled and neither an IPv4 nor an IPv6 address is specified, it defaults to using dhcp on IPv4.
- `keyboard` (String) Sets the keyboard layout for VNC server.
- `kvm` (Boolean) Enable/disable KVM hardware virtualization.
- `localtime` (Boolean) Sets the real time clock to local time. This is enabled by default if ostype indicates a Microsoft OS.
- `lock` (String) Lock/unlock the VM.
- `machine` (String) Specifies the Qemu machine type. Type => `(pc|pc(-i440fx\`?-\\d+\\.\\d+(\\.pxe\)?|q35|pc-q35-\\d+\\.\\d+(\\.pxe\)?\)). Allows to set, [[type=]<machine type>] [,enable-s3=<1|0>] [,enable-s4=<1|0>] [,viommu=<intel|virtio>].
- `memory` (Number) Memory size in MB for instance.
- `migrate` (Boolean) Migrate the VM to `node` if it is on another node.
- `migrate_downtime` (Number) Sets maximum tolerated downtime (in seconds) for migrations.
- `migrate_speed` (Number) Sets maximum speed (in MB/s) for migrations. A value of 0 is no limit.
- `name` (String) Specifies the VM name. Name could be non-unique across the cluster. Required only for `state=present`. With `state=present` if `vmid` not provided and VM with name exists in the cluster then no changes will be made.
- `nameservers` (String) Cloud-init: DNS server IP address(es). If unset, PVE host settings are used.
- `net` (String) A hash/dictionary of network interfaces for the VM. `net='{"key":"value", "key":"value"}'`. Keys allowed are - `net[n]` where 0 ≤ n ≤ N. Values allowed are - `"model="XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX",bridge="value",rate="value",tag="value",firewall="1|0",trunks="vlanid""`. Model is one of `e1000 e1000-82540em e1000-82544gc e1000-82545em i82551 i82557b i82559er ne2k_isa ne2k_pci pcnet rtl8139 virtio vmxnet3`. `XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX` should be an unique MAC address. This is automatically generated if not specified. The `bridge` parameter can be used to automatically add the interface to a bridge device. The Proxmox VE standard bridge is called 'vmbr0'. Option `rate` is used to limit traffic bandwidth from and to this interface. It is specified as floating point number, unit is 'Megabytes per second'. If you specify no bridge, we create a kvm 'user' (NATed) network device, which provides DHCP and DNS services.
- `newid` (Number) VMID for the clone. Used only with clone. If newid is not set, the next available VM ID will be fetched from ProxmoxAPI.
- `numa` (String) A hash/dictionaries of NUMA topology. `numa='{"key":"value", "key":"value"}'`. Keys allowed are - `numa[n]` where 0 ≤ n ≤ N. Values allowed are - `"cpu="<id[-id];...>",hostnodes="<id[-id];...>",memory="number",policy="(bind|interleave|preferred`""). `cpus` CPUs accessing this NUMA node. `hostnodes` Host NUMA nodes to use. `memory` Amount of memory this NUMA node provides. `policy` NUMA allocation policy.
- `numa_enabled` (Boolean) Enables NUMA.
- `onboot` (Boolean) Specifies whether a VM will be started during system bootup.
- `ostype` (String) Specifies guest operating system. This is used to enable special optimization/features for specific operating systems. The l26 is Linux 2.6/3.X Kernel.
- `parallel` (String) A hash/dictionary of map host parallel devices. `parallel='{"key":"value", "key":"value"}'`. Keys allowed are - (parallel[n]) where 0 ≤ n ≤ 2. Values allowed are - `"/dev/parport\d+|/dev/usb/lp\d+"`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `protection` (Boolean) Enable/disable the protection flag of the VM. This will enable/disable the remove VM and remove disk operations.
- `purge` (Boolean) Remove VMID from configurations, like backup & replication jobs and HA. Used with state `absent`.
- `reboot` (Boolean) Allow reboot. If set to `true`, the VM exit on reboot.
- `revert` (String) Revert a pending change.
- `rng0` (String) Randomness source for RNG device, for example `/dev/urandom`.
- `sata` (String) A hash/dictionary of volume used as sata hard disk or CD-ROM. `sata='{"key":"value", "key":"value"}'`. Keys allowed are - `sata[n]` where 0 ≤ n ≤ 5. Values allowed are - `"storage:size,format=value"`. `storage` is the storage identifier where to create the disk. `size` is the size of the disk in GiB. `format` is the drive's backing file's data format. `qcow2|raw|subvol`. Please refer to the Proxmox VE Administrator Guide, section Proxmox VE Storage (see https://pve.proxmox.com/pve-docs/chapter-pvesm.html for the latest version, tables 3 to 14) to find out format supported by the provided storage backend.
- `scsi` (String) A hash/dictionary of volume used as SCSI hard disk or CD-ROM. `scsi='{"key":"value", "key":"value"}'`. Keys allowed are - `scsi[n]` where 0 ≤ n ≤ 13. Values allowed are - `"storage:size,format=value"`. `storage` is the storage identifier where to create the disk. `size` is the size of the disk in GiB. `format` is the drive's backing file's data format. `qcow2|raw|subvol`. Please refer to the Proxmox VE Administrator Guide, section Proxmox VE Storage (see https://pve.proxmox.com/pve-docs/chapter-pvesm.html for the latest version, tables 3 to 14) to find out format supported by the provided storage backend.
- `scsihw` (String) Specifies the SCSI controller model.
- `searchdomains` (String) Cloud-init: Sets DNS search domain(s). If unset, PVE host settings are used.
- `serial` (String) A hash/dictionary of serial device to create inside the VM. `'{"key":"value", "key":"value"}'`. Keys allowed are - serial[n](str; required) where 0 ≤ n ≤ 3. Values allowed are - `(/dev/.+|socket\`). /!\ If you pass through a host serial device, it is no longer possible to migrate such machines - use with special care.
- `shares` (Number) Rets amount of memory shares for auto-ballooning. (0 - 50000). The larger the number is, the more memory this VM gets. The number is relative to weights of all other running VMs. Using 0 disables auto-ballooning, this means no limit.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `skiplock` (Boolean) Ignore locks. Only root is allowed to use this option.
- `smbios` (String) Specifies SMBIOS type 1 fields. Comma separated, Base64 encoded (optional) SMBIOS properties:. `[base64=<1|0>] [,family=<Base64 encoded string>]`. `[,manufacturer=<Base64 encoded string>]`. `[,product=<Base64 encoded string>]`. `[,serial=<Base64 encoded string>]`. `[,sku=<Base64 encoded string>]`. `[,uuid=<UUID>]`. `[,version=<Base64 encoded string>]`.
- `snapname` (String) The name of the snapshot. Used only with clone.
- `sockets` (Number) Sets the number of CPU sockets. (1 - N).
- `sshkeys` (String) Cloud-init: SSH key to assign to the default user. NOT TESTED with multiple keys but a multi-line value should work.
- `startdate` (String) Sets the initial date of the real time clock. Valid format for date are `'now'` or `'2016-09-25T16:01:21'` or `'2016-09-25'`.
- `startup` (String) Startup and shutdown behavior. `[[order=]\\d+] [,up=\\d+] [,down=\\d+]`. Order is a non-negative number defining the general startup order. Shutdown in done with reverse ordering.
- `state` (String) Indicates desired state of the instance. If `current`, the current state of the VM will be fetched. You can access it with `results.status`.
- `storage` (String) Target storage for full clone. If restoring from archive, target storage for all disks. If omitted, storage location embedded inside archive will be used.
- `tablet` (Boolean) Enables/disables the USB tablet device.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target` (String) Target node. Only allowed if the original VM is on shared storage. Used only with clone.
- `tdf` (Boolean) Enables/disables time drift fix.
- `template` (Boolean) Enables/disables the template.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tpmstate0` (String) A hash/dictionary of options for the Trusted Platform Module disk. A TPM state disk is required for Windows 11 installations.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update` (Boolean) If `true`, the VM will be updated with new value. Because of the operations of the API and security reasons, I have disabled the update of the following parameters `net`, `virtio`, `ide`, `sata`, `scsi`. Per example updating `net` update the MAC address and `virtio` create always new disk... This security feature can be disabled by setting the `update_unsafe` to `true`. Update of `pool` is disabled. It needs an additional API endpoint not covered by this module.
- `update_unsafe` (Boolean) If `true`, do not enforce limitations on parameters `net`, `virtio`, `ide`, `sata`, `scsi`, `efidisk0`, and `tpmstate0`. Use this option with caution because an improper configuration might result in a permanent loss of data (for example disk recreated).
- `usb` (String) A hash/dictionary of USB devices for the VM. `usb='{"key":"value", "key":"value"}'`. Keys allowed are - `usb[n]` where 0 ≤ n ≤ N. Values allowed are - `host="value|spice",mapping="value",usb3="1|0"`. Host is either `spice` or the USB id/port. Option `mapping` is the mapped USB device name. Option `usb3` enables USB 3 support.
- `vcpus` (Number) Sets number of hotplugged vcpus.
- `vga` (String) Select VGA type. If you want to use high resolution modes (>= 1280x1024x16) then you should use option `std` or `vmware`. Please refer to the Proxmox VE Administrator Guide, section QEMU/KVM Virtual Machines (see https://pve.proxmox.com/pve-docs/chapter-qm.html#qm_options) for more information on possible values.
- `virtio` (String) A hash/dictionary of volume used as VIRTIO hard disk. `virtio='{"key":"value", "key":"value"}'`. Keys allowed are - `virtio[n]` where 0 ≤ n ≤ 15. Values allowed are - `storage:size,format=value`. `storage` is the storage identifier where to create the disk. `size` is the size of the disk in GiB. `format` is the drive's backing file's data format. `qcow2|raw|subvol`. Please refer to the Proxmox VE Administrator Guide, section Proxmox VE Storage (see https://pve.proxmox.com/pve-docs/chapter-pvesm.html for the latest version, tables 3 to 14) to find out format supported by the provided storage backend.
- `watchdog` (String) Creates a virtual hardware watchdog device.
- `with_local_disks` (Boolean) Enables migration of local disks to the next node.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) A short message.
- `status` (String) The current virtual machine status.
- `vmid` (Number) The VM vmid.
