---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_redfish_command Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_redfish_command (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `baseuri` (String) Base URI of OOB controller.
- `category` (String) Category to execute on OOB controller.
- `command` (String) List of commands to execute on OOB controller.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `account_properties` (String) Properties of account service to update.
- `account_types` (String) Array of account types to apply to a user account.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_token` (String) Security token for authenticating to OOB controller.
- `bios_attributes` (String) BIOS attributes that needs to be verified in the given server.
- `boot_next` (String) BootNext target when bootdevice is "UefiBootNext".
- `boot_override_mode` (String) Boot mode when using an override.
- `bootdevice` (String) Boot device when setting boot configuration.
- `ca_path` (String)
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `ciphers` (String)
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `new_password` (String) New password of account to add/modify.
- `new_username` (String) Username of account to add/delete/modify.
- `oem_account_types` (String) Array of OEM account types to apply to a user account.
- `password` (String) Password for authenticating to OOB controller.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reset_to_defaults_mode` (String) Mode to apply when reseting to default.
- `resource_id` (String) ID of the System, Manager or Chassis to modify.
- `roleid` (String) Role of account to add/modify.
- `session_uri` (String) URI of the session resource.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `strip_etag_quotes` (Boolean) Removes surrounding quotes of etag used in `If-Match` header of `PATCH` requests. Only use this option to resolve bad vendor implementation where `If-Match` only matches the unquoted etag string.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uefi_target` (String) UEFI boot target when bootdevice is "UefiTarget".
- `update_apply_time` (String) Time when to apply the update.
- `update_creds` (String) Credentials for retrieving the update image.
- `update_custom_oem_header` (String) Optional OEM header, sent as separate form-data for the Multipart HTTP push update. The header shall start with "Oem" according to DMTF Redfish spec 12.6.2.2. For more details, see https://www.dmtf.org/sites/default/files/standards/documents/DSP0266_1.21.0.html. If set, then `update_custom_oem_params` is required too.
- `update_custom_oem_mime_type` (String) MIME Type for custom OEM properties for HTTP Multipart Push updates.
- `update_custom_oem_params` (String) Custom OEM properties for HTTP Multipart Push updates. If set, then `update_custom_oem_header` is required too. The properties are passed raw without any validation or conversion by Ansible. This means the content can be a file, a string, or any other data. If the content is a dictionary that should be converted to JSON, then the content must be converted to JSON before passing it to this module using the `ansible.builtin.to_json#filter` filter.
- `update_handle` (String) Handle to check the status of an update in progress.
- `update_image_file` (String) Filename, with optional path, of the image for the update.
- `update_image_uri` (String) URI of the image for the update.
- `update_oem_params` (String) Properties for HTTP Multipart Push Updates.
- `update_protocol` (String) Protocol for the update.
- `update_targets` (String) List of target resource URIs to apply the update to.
- `update_username` (String) New user name for updating account_username.
- `username` (String) Username for authenticating to OOB controller.
- `validate_certs` (String)
- `virtual_media` (String) Options for VirtualMedia commands.
- `wait` (Boolean) Block until the service is ready again.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long to block until the service is ready again before giving up.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Message with action result or error description.
- `return_values` (String) Dictionary containing command-specific response data from the action.
