---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ipa_config Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ipa_config (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipaconfigstring` (String) Extra hashes to generate in password plug-in.
- `ipadefaultemaildomain` (String) Default e-mail domain for new users.
- `ipadefaultloginshell` (String) Default shell for new users.
- `ipadefaultprimarygroup` (String) Default group for new users.
- `ipagroupobjectclasses` (String) A list of group objectclasses.
- `ipagroupsearchfields` (String) A list of fields to search in when searching for groups.
- `ipahomesrootdir` (String) Default location of home directories.
- `ipakrbauthzdata` (String) Default types of PAC supported for services.
- `ipamaxusernamelength` (Number) Maximum length of usernames.
- `ipapwdexpadvnotify` (Number) Notice of impending password expiration, in days.
- `ipasearchrecordslimit` (Number) Maximum number of records to search (-1 or 0 is unlimited).
- `ipasearchtimelimit` (Number) Maximum amount of time (seconds) for a search (-1 or 0 is unlimited).
- `ipaselinuxusermaporder` (String) The SELinux user map order (order in increasing priority of SELinux users).
- `ipauserauthtype` (String) The authentication type to use by default. The choice `idp` has been added in community.general 7.3.0. The choice `passkey` has been added in community.general 8.1.0.
- `ipauserobjectclasses` (String) A list of user objectclasses.
- `ipausersearchfields` (String) A list of fields to search in when searching for users.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `config` (String) Configuration as returned by IPA API.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
