---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_cluster_ha_resources Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_cluster_ha_resources (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) HA resource ID. This consists of a resource type followed by a resource specific name, separated with colon (example: `vm:100` / `ct:100` ).
For virtual machines and containers, you can simply use the VM or CT id as a shortcut (example: 100).
The API documentation refers to this field as \"sid\".
- `state` (String) create or delete

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Description
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `group` (String) The HA group identifier.
- `hastate` (String) Requested resource state. The CRM reads this state and acts accordingly. Please note that `enabled` is just an alias for `started`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `max_relocate` (Number) Maximal number of service relocate tries when a service failes to start.
- `max_restart` (Number) Maximal number of tries to restart the service on a node after its start failed.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `new_groups` (String) The output message that the test module generates.
- `old_groups` (String) The original name param that was passed in.
