---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_pamd Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_pamd (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `control` (String) The control of the PAM rule being modified. This may be a complicated control with brackets. If this is the case, be sure to put "[bracketed controls]" in quotes. The `type`, `control`, and `module_path` options all must match a rule to be modified.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `module_path` (String) The module path of the PAM rule being modified. The `type`, `control`, and `module_path` options all must match a rule to be modified.
- `name` (String) The name generally refers to the PAM service file to change, for example system-auth.
- `type` (String) The type of the PAM rule being modified. The `type`, `control`, and `module_path` options all must match a rule to be modified.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file including the timestamp information so you can get the original file back if you somehow clobbered it incorrectly.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `module_arguments` (String) When `state=updated`, the `module_arguments` replace existing module_arguments. When `state=args_absent` args matching those listed in `module_arguments` are removed. When `state=args_present` any args listed in `module_arguments` are added if missing from the existing rule. Furthermore, if the module argument takes a value denoted by `=`, the value changes to that specified in module_arguments.
- `new_control` (String) The new control to assign to the new rule.
- `new_module_path` (String) The new module path to be assigned to the new rule.
- `new_type` (String) The new type to assign to the new rule.
- `path` (String) This is the path to the PAM service files.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The default of `updated` modifies an existing rule if type, control and module_path all match an existing rule. With `before`, the new rule is inserted before a rule matching type, control and module_path. Similarly, with `after`, the new rule is inserted after an existing rulematching type, control and module_path. With either `before` or `after` `new_type`, `new_control`, and `new_module_path` must all be specified. If state is `args_absent` or `args_present`, `new_type`, `new_control`, and `new_module_path` are ignored. State `absent` removes the rule.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `backupdest` (String) The file name of the backup file, if created.
- `change_count` (Number) How many rules were changed.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
