---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_dnsmadeeasy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_dnsmadeeasy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_key` (String) Account API Key.
- `account_secret` (String) Account Secret Key.
- `domain` (String) Domain to work with. Can be the domain name (for example `mydomain.com`) or the numeric ID of the domain in DNS Made Easy (for example `839989`) for faster resolution.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) Whether the record should exist or not.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `autoFailover` (Boolean) If true, fallback to the primary IP address is manual after a failover. If false, fallback to the primary IP address is automatic after a failover.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `contactList` (String) Name or ID of the contact list that the monitor notifies. The default `''` means the Account Owner.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `failover` (Boolean) If `true`, add or change the failover. This is applicable only for A records.
- `httpFile` (String) The file at the Fqdn that the monitor queries for HTTP or HTTPS.
- `httpFqdn` (String) The fully qualified domain name used by the monitor.
- `httpQueryString` (String) The string in the httpFile that the monitor queries for HTTP or HTTPS.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip1` (String) Primary IP address for the failover. Required if adding or changing the monitor or failover.
- `ip2` (String) Secondary IP address for the failover. Required if adding or changing the failover.
- `ip3` (String) Tertiary IP address for the failover.
- `ip4` (String) Quaternary IP address for the failover.
- `ip5` (String) Quinary IP address for the failover.
- `maxEmails` (Number) Number of emails sent to the contact list by the monitor.
- `monitor` (Boolean) If `true`, add or change the monitor. This is applicable only for A records.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) Port used by the monitor.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol used by the monitor.
- `record_name` (String) Record name to get/create/delete/update. If `record_name` is not specified; all records for the domain are returned in "result" regardless of the state argument.
- `record_ttl` (Number) Record's "Time-To-Live". Number of seconds the record remains cached in DNS servers.
- `record_type` (String) Record type.
- `record_value` (String) Record value. HTTPRED: <redirection URL>, MX: <priority> <target name>, NS: <name server>, PTR: <target name>, SRV: <priority> <weight> <port> <target name>, TXT: <text value>". If `record_value` is not specified; no changes are made and the record is returned in R`ignore:result` (in other words, this module can be used to fetch a record's current ID, type, and TTL).
- `sandbox` (Boolean) Decides if the sandbox API should be used. Otherwise (default) the production API of DNS Made Easy is used.
- `sensitivity` (String) Number of checks the monitor performs before a failover occurs where Low = 8, Medium = 5,and High = 3.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `systemDescription` (String) Description used by the monitor.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If `false`, SSL certificates are not validated. This should only be used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
