---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_riak Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_riak (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `command` (String) The command you would like to perform against the cluster.
- `config_dir` (String) The path to the riak configuration directory.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `http_conn` (String) The IP address and port that is listening for Riak HTTP queries.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_node` (String) The target node for certain operations (join, ping).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If `false`, SSL certificates are not validated. This should only be used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates.
- `wait_for_handoffs` (Number) Number of seconds to wait for handoffs to complete.
- `wait_for_ring` (Number) Number of seconds to wait for all nodes to agree on the ring.
- `wait_for_service` (String) Waits for a riak service to come online before continuing.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
