---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_sap_libs_sap_hdbsql Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_sap_libs_sap_hdbsql (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `instance` (String) The instance number.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `autocommit` (Boolean) Autocommit the statement.
- `bin_path` (String) The path to the hdbsql binary.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `database` (String) Define the database on which to connect.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encrypted` (Boolean) Use encrypted connection.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filepath` (String) One or more files each containing one SQL query to run. Must be a string or list containing strings.
- `host` (String) The Host IP address. The port can be defined as well.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) The password to connect to the database. **Note:** Since the passwords have to be passed as command line arguments, *userstore=true* should be used whenever possible, as command line arguments can be seen by other users on the same machine.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `query` (String) SQL query to run. Must be a string or list containing strings. Please note that if you supply a string, it will be split by commas (`,`) to a list. It is better to supply a one-element list instead to avoid mangled input.
- `sid` (String) The system ID.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user` (String) A dedicated username. The user could be also in hdbuserstore.
- `userstore` (Boolean) If `true`, the user must be in hdbuserstore.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `query_result` (String) List containing results of all queries executed (one sublist for every query).
