---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_copy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_copy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `columns` (String) List of column names for the src/dst table to COPY FROM/TO.
- `copy_from` (String) Copy data from a file to a table (appending the data to whatever is in the table already). Mutually exclusive with *copy_to* and *src*.
- `copy_to` (String) Copy the contents of a table to a file. Can also copy the results of a SELECT query. Mutually exclusive with *copy_from* and *dst*.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dst` (String) Copy data to *dst=tablename* from *copy_from=/path/to/data.file*. Used with *copy_from* only.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `login_db` (String) Name of database to connect to. The `db` alias is deprecated and will be removed in version 5.0.0.
- `options` (String) Options of COPY command. See the full list of available options https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-copy.html.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `program` (Boolean) Mark *src*/*dst* as a program. Data will be copied to/from a program. See block Examples and PROGRAM arg description https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-copy.html.
- `session_role` (String) Switch to session_role after connecting. The specified session_role must be a role that the current login_user is a member of. Permissions checking for SQL commands is carried out as though the session_role were the one that had logged in originally.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `src` (String) Copy data from *copy_from* to *src=tablename*. Used with *copy_to* only.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trust_input` (Boolean) If `false`, check whether values of parameters are potentially dangerous. It makes sense to use `false` only when SQL injections are possible.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `queries` (String) List of executed queries.
