---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_networkfirewall_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_networkfirewall_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `arn` (String) The ARN of the Network Firewall policy. Exactly one of *arn* or *name* must be provided.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A description for the Network Firewall policy.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The name of the Network Firewall policy. Cannot be updated after creation. Exactly one of *arn* or *name* must be provided.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_stateless_custom_actions` (Boolean) If *purge_stateless_custom_actions=true*, existing custom actions will be purged from the resource to match exactly what is defined by the *stateless_custom_actions* parameter.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or remove the Network Firewall policy.
- `stateful_default_actions` (String) Actions to take on a packet if it doesn't match any of the stateful rules in the policy. Common actions are `aws:drop_strict`, `aws:drop_established`, `aws:alert_strict` and `aws:alert_established`. Only valid for policies where *strict_rule_order=true*. When creating a new policy defaults to `aws:drop_strict`.
- `stateful_rule_groups` (String) A list of names or ARNs of stateful firewall rule groups.
- `stateful_rule_order` (String) Indicates how to manage the order of stateful rule evaluation for the policy. When *strict_rule_order='strict'* rules and rule groups are evaluated in the order that they're defined. Cannot be updated after creation.
- `stateless_custom_actions` (String) A list of dictionaries defining custom actions which can be used in *stateless_default_actions* and *stateless_fragment_default_actions*.
- `stateless_default_actions` (String) Actions to take on a packet if it doesn't match any of the stateless rules in the policy. Common actions are `aws:pass`, `aws:drop` and `aws:forward_to_sfe`. When creating a new policy defaults to `aws:forward_to_sfe`.
- `stateless_fragment_default_actions` (String) Actions to take on a fragmented UDP packet if it doesn't match any of the stateless rules in the policy. Common actions are `aws:pass`, `aws:drop` and `aws:forward_to_sfe`. When creating a new policy defaults to `aws:forward_to_sfe`.
- `stateless_rule_groups` (String) A list of names or ARNs of stateless firewall rule groups.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether to wait for the firewall policy to reach the `ACTIVE` or `DELETED` state before the module returns.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) Maximum time, in seconds, to wait for the firewall policy to reach the expected state. Defaults to 600 seconds.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `policy` (String) The details of the policy
