---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_sops_sops_encrypt Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_sops_sops_encrypt (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) The SOPS encrypt file.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content_binary` (String) The data to encrypt. Must be [Base64 encoded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Base64) binary data. Please note that the module might not be idempotent if the data can be parsed as JSON or YAML. Exactly one of `content_text`, `content_binary`, `content_json`, and `content_yaml` must be specified.
- `content_json` (String) The data to encrypt. Must be a JSON dictionary. Exactly one of `content_text`, `content_binary`, `content_json`, and `content_yaml` must be specified.
- `content_text` (String) The data to encrypt. Must be a Unicode text. Please note that the module might not be idempotent if the text can be parsed as JSON or YAML. Exactly one of `content_text`, `content_binary`, `content_json`, and `content_yaml` must be specified.
- `content_yaml` (String) The data to encrypt. Must be a YAML dictionary. Please note that Ansible only allows to pass data that can be represented as a JSON dictionary. Exactly one of `content_text`, `content_binary`, `content_json`, and `content_yaml` must be specified.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Force rewriting the encrypted file.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
