---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_infinity Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_infinity (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action` (String) Action to perform.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `password` (String) Infinity password.
- `server_ip` (String) Infinity server_ip with IP address.
- `username` (String) Username to access Infinity. The user must have REST API privileges.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_address` (String) IP Address for a reservation or a release.
- `network_address` (String) Network address with CIDR format (for example `192.168.310.0`).
- `network_family` (String) Network family defined by Infinity, for example `IPv4`, `IPv6` and `Dual stack`.
- `network_id` (String) Network ID.
- `network_location` (Number) The parent network ID for a given network.
- `network_name` (String) The name of a network.
- `network_size` (String) Network bitmask (for example `255.255.255.220` or CIDR format `/26`).
- `network_type` (String) Network type defined by Infinity.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `ip_info` (String) When reserve next available IP address from a network, the IP address info is returned. Please note that the value is a **string** containing JSON data.
- `network_info` (String) When reserving a LAN network from a Infinity supernet by providing network_size, the information about the reserved network is returned. Please note that the value is a **string** containing JSON data.
