---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_storage_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_storage_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disk` (String) A list of disks with storage profile policies to enforce. At least one of `disk` and `vm_home` are required parameters.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Destination folder, absolute or relative path to find an existing guest. This is a required parameter if multiple VMs are found with same name. The folder should include the datacenter. ESX's datacenter is ha-datacenter. Examples:    folder: /ha-datacenter/vm    folder: ha-datacenter/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm    folder: datacenter1/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm/folder2
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the instance to manage if known, this is a unique identifier only within a single vCenter instance. One of `name`, `uuid`, or `moid` are required to define the virtual machine.
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual machine. One of `name`, `uuid`, or `moid` are required to define the virtual machine.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the virtual machine. One of `name`, `uuid`, or `moid` are required to define the virtual machine.
- `vm_home` (String) A storage profile policy to set on VM Home. At least one of `disk` or `vm_home` are required parameters.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `changed_policies` (String) Dictionary containing the changed policies of disk (list of dictionaries) and vm_home.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Informational message on the job result.
