---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_housekeeping Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_housekeeping (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `compress_older` (String) Compress history and trends records older than this period if *compression_status=true*.
- `compression_status` (Boolean) TimescaleDB compression for history and trends will be enabled if `true`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hk_audit` (String) Storage period of audit data (e.g. 365d).
- `hk_audit_mode` (Boolean) Internal housekeeping for audit will be enabled if `true`.
- `hk_events_autoreg` (String) Storage period of autoregistration data (e.g. 365d).
- `hk_events_discovery` (String) Storage period of network discovery (e.g. 365d).
- `hk_events_internal` (String) Storage period of internal data (e.g. 365d).
- `hk_events_mode` (Boolean) Internal housekeeping for events and alerts will be enabled if `true`.
- `hk_events_service` (String) Storage period of service data (e.g. 365d).
- `hk_events_trigger` (String) Storage period of trigger data (e.g. 365d).
- `hk_history` (String) Storage priod of history data (e.g. 365d).
- `hk_history_global` (Boolean) Overriding history period of each items will be enabled if `true`.
- `hk_history_mode` (Boolean) Internal housekeeping for history will be enabled if `true`.
- `hk_services` (String) Storage period of services data (e.g. 365d).
- `hk_services_mode` (Boolean) Internal housekeeping for services will be enabled if `true`.
- `hk_sessions` (String) Storage period of sessions data (e.g. 365d).
- `hk_sessions_mode` (Boolean) Internal housekeeping for sessions will be enabled if `true`.
- `hk_trends` (String) Storage priod of trends data (e.g. 365d).
- `hk_trends_global` (Boolean) Overriding trend period of each items will be enabled if `true`.
- `hk_trends_mode` (Boolean) Internal housekeeping for trends will be enabled if `true`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) The result of the operation
