---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_rabbitmq_rabbitmq_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_rabbitmq_rabbitmq_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the policy to manage.

### Optional

- `apply_to` (String) What the policy applies to. Requires RabbitMQ 3.2.0 or later. For classic_queues, quorum_queues and streams RabbitMQ 3.12 or later is required
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `ca_cert` (String) CA certificate to verify SSL connection to management API.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client_cert` (String) Client certificate to send on SSL connections to management API.
- `client_key` (String) Private key matching the client certificate.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `login_host` (String) RabbitMQ host for connection.
- `login_password` (String) RabbitMQ password for connection.
- `login_port` (String) RabbitMQ management API port.
- `login_protocol` (String) RabbitMQ management API protocol.
- `login_user` (String) RabbitMQ user for connection.
- `node` (String) Erlang node name of the rabbit we wish to configure.
- `pattern` (String) A regex of queues to apply the policy to. Required when `state=present`. This option is no longer required as of Ansible 2.9.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `priority` (String) The priority of the policy.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of the policy.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vhost` (String) The name of the vhost to apply to.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
