---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_autoscaling_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_autoscaling_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Unique name for the scaling policy.

### Optional

- `adjustment_type` (String) The type of change in capacity of the autoscaling group. Required if *state* is `present`.
- `asg_name` (String) Name of the associated autoscaling group. Required if *state* is `present`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cooldown` (Number) The minimum period of time (in seconds) between which autoscaling actions can take place. Only used when *policy_type* is `SimpleScaling`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `estimated_instance_warmup` (Number) The estimated time, in seconds, until a newly launched instance can contribute to the CloudWatch metrics.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `metric_aggregation` (String) The aggregation type for the CloudWatch metrics. Only used when *policy_type* is not `SimpleScaling`.
- `min_adjustment_step` (Number) Minimum amount of adjustment when policy is triggered. Only used when *adjustment_type* is `PercentChangeInCapacity`.
- `policy_type` (String) Auto scaling adjustment policy.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `scaling_adjustment` (Number) The amount by which the autoscaling group is adjusted by the policy. A negative number has the effect of scaling down the ASG. Units are numbers of instances for `ExactCapacity` or `ChangeInCapacity` or percent of existing instances for `PercentChangeInCapacity`. Required when *policy_type* is `SimpleScaling`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Register or deregister the policy.
- `step_adjustments` (String) List of dicts containing *lower_bound*, *upper_bound* and *scaling_adjustment*. Intervals must not overlap or have a gap between them. At most, one item can have an undefined *lower_bound*. If any item has a negative lower_bound, then there must be a step adjustment with an undefined *lower_bound*. At most, one item can have an undefined *upper_bound*. If any item has a positive upper_bound, then there must be a step adjustment with an undefined *upper_bound*. The bounds are the amount over the alarm threshold at which the adjustment will trigger. This means that for an alarm threshold of 50, triggering at 75 requires a lower bound of 25. See http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AutoScaling/latest/APIReference/API_StepAdjustment.html.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_tracking_config` (String) Allows you to specify a *target_tracking_config* for autoscaling policies in AWS. *target_tracking_config* can accept nested dicts for *customized_metric_spec* or *predefined_metric_spec*. Each specification aligns with their boto3 equivalent. Required when *TargetTrackingScaling* policy is specified.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `alarms` (String) Cloudwatch alarms related to the policy.
- `arn` (String) ARN of the scaling policy. Provided for backward compatibility, value is the same as *policy_arn*.
- `as_name` (String) Auto Scaling Group name. Provided for backward compatibility, value is the same as *auto_scaling_group_name*.
- `auto_scaling_group_name` (String) Name of Auto Scaling Group.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `metric_aggregation_type` (String) Method used to aggregate metrics.
- `policy_arn` (String) ARN of scaling policy.
- `policy_name` (String) Name of scaling policy.
