---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_xfconf Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_xfconf (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `channel` (String) A Xfconf preference channel is a top-level tree key, inside of the Xfconf repository that corresponds to the location for which all application properties/keys are stored. See man xfconf-query(1).
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `property` (String) A Xfce preference key is an element in the Xfconf repository that corresponds to an application preference. See man xfconf-query(1).

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_array` (Boolean) Force array even if only one element.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The action to take upon the property/value. The state `get` has been removed in community.general 5.0.0. Please use the module `community.general.xfconf_info` instead. Xfce4 may, and usually does, have default values that come with the system packages. You can set new values for these default properties and override the their values. However, whey you use `state=absent`, the module executes the command `xfconf-query reset` for the specified property and that only removes user-configured properties, so those properties are **not removed**, but rather they go back to the default values.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `value` (String) Preference properties typically have simple values such as strings, integers, or lists of strings and integers. See man xfconf-query(1).
- `value_type` (String) The type of value being set. When providing more than one `value_type`, the length of the list must be equal to the length of `value`. If only one `value_type` is provided, but `value` contains more than on element, that `value_type` is applied to all elements of `value`. If the `property` being set is an array and it can possibly have only one element in the array, then `force_array=true` must be used to ensure that `xfconf-query` interprets the value as an array rather than a scalar. Support for `uchar`, `char`, `uint64`, and `int64` has been added in community.general 4.8.0.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cmd` (String) A list with the resulting `xfconf-query` command executed by the module.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `previous_value` (String) The value of the preference key before executing the module. Either a single string value or a list of strings for array types. This is a string or a list of strings.
- `version` (String) The version of the `xfconf-query` command.
