---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_okd_openshift_route Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_okd_openshift_route (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the resource being targeted. The Route will be created in this namespace as well.

### Optional

- `annotations` (String) Specify the Route Annotations. A set of key: value pairs.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hostname` (String) The hostname for the Route.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) Specify the labels to apply to the created Route. A set of key: value pairs.
- `name` (String) The desired name of the Route to be created. Defaults to the value of *service*
- `path` (String) The path for the Route
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (String) Name or number of the port the Route will route traffic to.
- `service` (String) The name of the service to expose. Required when *state* is not absent.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `termination` (String) The termination type of the Route. If left empty no termination type will be set, and the route will be insecure. When set to insecure *tls* will be ignored.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tls` (String) TLS configuration for the newly created route. Only used when *termination* is set.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wildcard_policy` (String) The wildcard policy for the hostname. Currently only Subdomain is supported. If not provided, the default of None will be used.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `duration` (Number) elapsed time of task in seconds
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) The Route object that was created or updated. Will be empty in the case of deletion.
