---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_make Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_make (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `chdir` (String) Change to this directory before running make.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `file` (String) Use a custom Makefile.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `jobs` (Number) Set the number of make jobs to run concurrently. Typically if set, this would be the number of processors and/or threads available to the machine. This is not supported by all make implementations.
- `make` (String) Use a specific make binary.
- `params` (String) Any extra parameters to pass to make. If the value is empty, only the key is used. For example, `FOO:` produces `FOO`, not `FOO=`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target` (String) The target to run. Typically this would be something like `install`, `test`, or `all`. `target` and `targets` are mutually exclusive.
- `targets` (String) The list of targets to run. Typically this would be something like `install`, `test`, or `all`. `target` and `targets` are mutually exclusive.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `command` (String) The command built and executed by the module.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
