---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_sops_load_vars Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_sops_load_vars (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `expressions` (String) This option controls how Jinja2 expressions in values in the loaded file are handled. If set to `ignore`, expressions will not be evaluated, but treated as regular strings. If set to `evaluate-on-load`, expressions will be evaluated on execution of this module, in other words, when the file is loaded. If set to `lazy-evaluation`, expressions will be lazily evaluated. This requires ansible-core 2.19 or newer and is the same behavior than `ansible.builtin.include_vars`. `lazy-evaluation` has been added in community.sops 2.2.0.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `file` (String) The file name from which variables should be loaded. If the path is relative, it will look for the file in `vars/` subdirectory of a role or relative to playbook.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The name of a variable into which assign the included vars. If omitted (`null`) they will be made top level vars.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `ansible_facts` (String) Variables that were included and their values.
- `ansible_included_var_files` (String) A list of files that were successfully included.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
