---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_github_deploy_key Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_github_deploy_key (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `key` (String) The SSH public key to add to the repository as a deploy key.
- `name` (String) The name for the deploy key.
- `owner` (String) The name of the individual account or organization that owns the GitHub repository.
- `repo` (String) The name of the GitHub repository.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) If `true`, forcefully adds the deploy key by deleting any existing deploy key with the same public key or title.
- `github_url` (String) The base URL of the GitHub API.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `otp` (Number) The 6 digit One Time Password for 2-Factor Authentication. Required together with `username` and `password`.
- `password` (String) The password to authenticate with. Alternatively, a personal access token can be used instead of `username` and `password` combination.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `read_only` (Boolean) If `true`, the deploy key is only able to read repository contents. Otherwise, the deploy key is able to read and write.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of the deploy key.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) The OAuth2 token or personal access token to authenticate with. Mutually exclusive with `password`.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) The username to authenticate with. Should not be set when using personal access token.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error` (String) The error message returned by the GitHub API.
- `http_status_code` (Number) The HTTP status code returned by the GitHub API.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) The status message describing what occurred.
