---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_dvswitch Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_dvswitch (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `switch_name` (String) The name of the distribute vSwitch to create or remove.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `contact` (String) Dictionary which configures administrator contact name and description for the Distributed Switch.
- `datacenter_name` (String) The name of the datacenter that will contain the Distributed Switch. Required if `folder` is not provided. Mutually exclusive with `folder` parameter.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the Distributed Switch.
- `discovery_operation` (String) Select the discovery operation. Required if `state=present`.
- `discovery_proto` (String) Link discovery protocol between Cisco and Link Layer discovery. Required if `state=present`. `cdp`: Use Cisco Discovery Protocol (CDP). `lldp`: Use Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP). `disabled`: Do not use a discovery protocol.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Destination folder, absolute path to place dvswitch in. The folder should include the datacenter. Required if `datacenter` is not provided. Mutually exclusive with `datacenter` parameter. Examples:    folder: /datacenter1/network    folder: datacenter1/network    folder: /datacenter1/network/folder1    folder: datacenter1/network/folder1    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/network    folder: folder1/datacenter1/network    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/network/folder2
- `health_check` (String) Dictionary which configures Health Check for the Distributed Switch.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mtu` (Number) The switch maximum transmission unit. Required if `state=present`. Accepts value between 1280 to 9000 (both inclusive).
- `multicast_filtering_mode` (String) The multicast filtering mode. `basic` mode: multicast traffic for virtual machines is forwarded according to the destination MAC address of the multicast group. `snooping` mode: the Distributed Switch provides IGMP and MLD snooping according to RFC 4541.
- `net_flow` (String) Dictionary which configures the Net Flow for the Distributed Switch.
- `network_policy` (String) Dictionary which configures the different default security values for portgroups. If set, these options are inherited by the portgroups of the DVS.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If set to `present` and the Distributed Switch does not exist, the Distributed Switch will be created. If set to `absent` and the Distributed Switch exists, the Distributed Switch will be deleted.
- `switch_version` (String) The version of the Distributed Switch to create. The version must match the version of the ESXi hosts you want to connect. The version of the vCenter server is used if not specified. Required if `state=present`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uplink_prefix` (String) The prefix used for the naming of the uplinks. Only valid if the Distributed Switch will be created. Not used if the Distributed Switch is already present. Uplinks are created as Uplink 1, Uplink 2, etc. pp. by default.
- `uplink_quantity` (Number) Quantity of uplink per ESXi host added to the Distributed Switch. The uplink quantity can be increased or decreased, but a decrease will only be successfull if the uplink isn't used by a portgroup. Required if `state=present`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) information about performed operation
