---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_elb_instance Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_elb_instance (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `instance_id` (String) EC2 Instance ID.
- `state` (String) Register or deregister the instance.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `ec2_elbs` (String) List of ELB names Required when *state=present*.
- `enable_availability_zone` (Boolean) Whether to enable the availability zone of the instance on the target ELB if the availability zone has not already been enabled. If *enable_availability_zone=no*, the task will fail if the availability zone is not enabled on the ELB.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait for instance registration or deregistration to complete successfully before returning.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) Number of seconds to wait for an instance to change state. If *wait_timeout=0* then this module may return an error if a transient error occurs. If non-zero then any transient errors are ignored until the timeout is reached. Ignored when *wait=no*.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `updated_elbs` (String) A list of ELB names that the instance has been added to or removed from.
