---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_lvg Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_lvg (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `vg` (String) The name of the volume group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) If `true`, allows to remove volume group with logical volumes.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `pesize` (String) The size of the physical extent. `pesize` must be a power of 2 of at least 1 sector (where the sector size is the largest sector size of the PVs currently used in the VG), or at least 128KiB. `pesize` can be optionally suffixed by a UNIT (k/K/m/M/g/G), default unit is megabyte.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pv_options` (String) Additional options to pass to `pvcreate` when creating the volume group.
- `pvresize` (Boolean) If `true`, resize the physical volume to the maximum available size.
- `pvs` (String) List of comma-separated devices to use as physical devices in this volume group. Required when creating or resizing volume group. The module runs `pvcreate` if needed. `remove_extra_pvs` controls whether or not unspecified physical devices are removed from the volume group.
- `remove_extra_pvs` (Boolean) Remove physical volumes from the volume group which are not in `pvs`.
- `reset_pv_uuid` (Boolean) Whether the volume group's physical volumes' UUIDs are regenerated. This is **not idempotent**. Specifying this parameter always results in a change.
- `reset_vg_uuid` (Boolean) Whether the volume group's UUID is regenerated. This is **not idempotent**. Specifying this parameter always results in a change.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Control if the volume group exists and its state. The states `active` and `inactive` implies `present` state. Added in 7.1.0. If `active` or `inactive`, the module manages the VG's logical volumes current state. The module also handles the VG's autoactivation state if supported unless when creating a volume group and the autoactivation option specified in `vg_options`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vg_options` (String) Additional options to pass to `vgcreate` when creating the volume group.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
