---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_certificate_complete_chain Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_certificate_complete_chain (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `input_chain` (String) A concatenated set of certificates in PEM format forming a chain. The module will try to complete this chain.
- `root_certificates` (String) A list of filenames or directories. A filename is assumed to point to a file containing one or more certificates in PEM format. All certificates in this file will be added to the set of root certificates. If a directory name is given, all files in the directory and its subdirectories will be scanned and tried to be parsed as concatenated certificates in PEM format. Symbolic links will be followed.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `intermediate_certificates` (String) A list of filenames or directories. A filename is assumed to point to a file containing one or more certificates in PEM format. All certificates in this file will be added to the set of root certificates. If a directory name is given, all files in the directory and its subdirectories will be scanned and tried to be parsed as concatenated certificates in PEM format. Symbolic links will be followed.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `chain` (String) The chain added to the given input chain. Includes the root certificate. Returned as a list of PEM certificates.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `complete_chain` (String) The completed chain, including leaf, all intermediates, and root. Returned as a list of PEM certificates.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `root` (String) The root certificate in PEM format.
