---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_pacman Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_pacman (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) Path of the binary to use. This can either be `pacman` or a pacman compatible AUR helper. Pacman compatibility is unfortunately ill defined, in particular, this modules makes extensive use of the `--print-format` directive which is known not to be implemented by some AUR helpers (notably, `yay`). Beware that AUR helpers might behave unexpectedly and are therefore not recommended.
- `extra_args` (String) Additional option to pass to pacman when enforcing `state`.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) When removing packages, forcefully remove them, without any checks. Same as `extra_args="--nodeps --nodeps"`. When combined with `update_cache`, force a refresh of all package databases. Same as `update_cache_extra_args="--refresh --refresh"`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Name or list of names of the package(s) or file(s) to install, upgrade, or remove. Cannot be used in combination with `upgrade`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reason` (String) The install reason to set for the packages.
- `reason_for` (String) Set the install reason for `all` packages or only for `new` packages. In case of `state=latest` already installed packages which are updated to a newer version are not counted as `new`.
- `remove_nosave` (Boolean) When removing packages, do not save modified configuration files as `.pacsave` files. (passes `--nosave` to pacman).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether to install (`present` or `installed`, `latest`), or remove (`absent` or `removed`) a package. `present` and `installed` simply ensure that a desired package is installed. `latest` updates the specified package if it is not of the latest available version. `absent` and `removed` remove the specified package.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_cache` (Boolean) Whether or not to refresh the master package lists. This can be run as part of a package installation or as a separate step. If not specified, it defaults to `false`. Please note that this option only had an influence on the module's R`ignore:changed` state if `name` and `upgrade` are not specified before community.general 5.0.0. See the examples for how to keep the old behavior.
- `update_cache_extra_args` (String) Additional option to pass to pacman when enforcing `update_cache`.
- `upgrade` (Boolean) Whether or not to upgrade the whole system. Cannot be used in combination with `name`. If not specified, it defaults to `false`.
- `upgrade_extra_args` (String) Additional option to pass to pacman when enforcing `upgrade`.

### Read-Only

- `cache_updated` (Boolean) The changed status of `pacman -Sy`. Useful when `name` or `upgrade=true` are specified next to `update_cache=true`.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `packages` (String) A list of packages that have been changed. Before community.general 4.5.0 this was only returned when `upgrade=true`. In community.general 4.5.0, it was sometimes omitted when the package list is empty, but since community.general 4.6.0 it is always returned when `name` is specified or `upgrade=true`.
