---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_security_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_security_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `key` (String) The ini key of the section or policy name to modify. The module will return an error if this key is invalid.
- `section` (String) The ini section the key exists in. If the section does not exist then the module will return an error. Example sections to use are 'Account Policies', 'Local Policies', 'Event Log', 'Restricted Groups', 'System Services', 'Registry' and 'File System' If wanting to edit the `Privilege Rights` section, use the `ansible.windows.win_user_right` module instead.
- `value` (String) The value for the ini key or policy name. If the key takes in a boolean value then 0 = False and 1 = True.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `import_log` (String) The log of the SecEdit.exe /configure job that configured the local policies. This is used for debugging purposes on failures.
- `rc` (Number) The return code after a failure when running SecEdit.exe.
- `stderr` (String) The output of the STDERR buffer after a failure when running SecEdit.exe.
- `stdout` (String) The output of the STDOUT buffer after a failure when running SecEdit.exe.
