---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_jenkins_node Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_jenkins_node (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the Jenkins node to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) When specified, sets the Jenkins node labels.
- `num_executors` (Number) When specified, sets the Jenkins node executor count.
- `offline_message` (String) Specifies the offline reason message to be set when configuring the Jenkins node state. If `offline_message` is given and requested `state` is not `disabled`, an error is raised. Internally `offline_message` is set using the `toggleOffline` API, so updating the message when the node is already offline (current state `disabled`) is not possible. In this case, a warning is issued.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specifies whether the Jenkins node should be `present` (created), `absent` (deleted), `enabled` (online) or `disabled` (offline).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) API token to authenticate with the Jenkins server.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) URL of the Jenkins server.
- `user` (String) User to authenticate with the Jenkins server.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `configured` (Boolean) Whether or not the Jenkins node was configured by the task.
- `created` (Boolean) Whether or not the Jenkins node was created by the task.
- `deleted` (Boolean) Whether or not the Jenkins node was deleted by the task.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the Jenkins node was disabled by the task.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the Jenkins node was enabled by the task.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
