---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_git_config Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_git_config (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the setting.

### Optional

- `add_mode` (String) Specify if a value should replace the existing value(s) or if the new value should be added alongside other values with the same name. This option is only relevant when adding/replacing values. If `state=absent` or values are just read out, this option is not considered.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `file` (String) Path to an adhoc git configuration file to be managed using the `file` scope.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `repo` (String) Path to a git repository for reading and writing values from a specific repo.
- `scope` (String) Specify which scope to read/set values from. This is required when setting config values. If this is set to `local`, you must also specify the `repo` parameter. If this is set to `file`, you must also specify the `file` parameter. It defaults to system.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicates the setting should be set/unset. This parameter has higher precedence than `value` parameter: when `state=absent` and `value` is defined, `value` is discarded.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `value` (String) When specifying the name of a single setting, supply a value to set that setting to the given value. From community.general 11.0.0 on, `value` is required if `state=present`. To read values, use the `community.general.git_config_info` module instead.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
