---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_wafv2_ip_set Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_wafv2_ip_set (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the IP set.
- `scope` (String) Specifies whether this is for an AWS CloudFront distribution or for a regional application, such as API Gateway or Application LoadBalancer.
- `state` (String) Whether the rule is present or absent.

### Optional

- `addresses` (String) Contains an array of strings that specify one or more IP addresses or blocks of IP addresses in Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) notation. Required when *state=present*. When *state=absent* and *addresses* is defined, only the given IP addresses will be removed from the IP set. The entire IP set itself will stay present.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the IP set.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_address_version` (String) Specifies whether this is an IPv4 or an IPv6 IP set. Required when *state=present*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_addresses` (Boolean) When set to `no`, keep the existing addresses in place. Will modify and add, but will not delete.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) IP set arn
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
