---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_hpilo_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_hpilo_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) The HP iLO hostname/address that is linked to the physical system.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `login` (String) The login name to authenticate to the HP iLO interface.
- `password` (String) The password to authenticate to the HP iLO interface.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssl_version` (String) Change the ssl_version used.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `host_power_status` (String) Power status of host. It is one of `ON`, `OFF` and `UNKNOWN`.
- `hw_bios_date` (String) BIOS date.
- `hw_bios_version` (String) BIOS version.
- `hw_ethX` (String) Interface information (for each interface).
- `hw_eth_ilo` (String) Interface information (for the iLO network interface).
- `hw_product_name` (String) Product name.
- `hw_product_uuid` (String) Product UUID.
- `hw_system_serial` (String) System serial number.
- `hw_uuid` (String) Hardware UUID.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
