---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vcenter_folder Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vcenter_folder (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datacenter` (String) Name of the datacenter.
- `folder_name` (String) Name of folder to be managed. Folder name should be under 80 characters. This is a VMware restriction.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder_type` (String) This is type of folder. If set to `vm`, then 'VM and Template Folder' is created under datacenter. If set to `host`, then 'Host and Cluster Folder' is created under datacenter. If set to `datastore`, then 'Storage Folder' is created under datacenter. If set to `network`, then 'Network Folder' is created under datacenter. This parameter is required, if `state=absent` and `parent_folder` is not set.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `parent_folder` (String) Name of the parent folder under which new folder needs to be created. If user wants to create a folder under '/DC0/vm/vm_folder', this value will be 'vm_folder'. If user wants to create a folder under '/DC0/vm/folder1/folder2', this value will be 'folder1/folder2'.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of folder. If set to `present` without parent folder parameter, then folder with `folder_type` is created. If set to `present` with parent folder parameter,  then folder in created under parent folder. `folder_type` is ignored. If set to `absent`, then folder is unregistered and destroyed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) The detail about the new folder
