---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_gitlab_group_members Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_gitlab_group_members (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gitlab_group` (String) The `full_path` of the GitLab group the member is added to/removed from. Setting this to `name` or `path` has been disallowed since community.general 6.0.0. Use `full_path` instead.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `access_level` (String) The access level for the user. Required if `state=present`, user state is set to present. Mutually exclusive with `gitlab_users_access`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gitlab_user` (String) A username or a list of usernames to add to/remove from the GitLab group. Mutually exclusive with `gitlab_users_access`.
- `gitlab_users_access` (String) Provide a list of user to access level mappings. Every dictionary in this list specifies a user (by username) and the access level the user should have. Mutually exclusive with `gitlab_user` and `access_level`. Use together with `purge_users` to remove all users not specified here from the group.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_users` (String) Adds/remove users of the given access_level to match the given `gitlab_user`/`gitlab_users_access` list. If omitted do not purge orphaned members. Is only used when `state=present`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the member in the group. On `present`, it adds a user to a GitLab group. On `absent`, it removes a user from a GitLab group.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
