---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_composer Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_composer (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `apcu_autoloader` (Boolean) Uses APCu to cache found/not-found classes.
- `arguments` (String) Composer arguments like required package, version and so on.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `classmap_authoritative` (Boolean) Autoload classes from classmap only. Implicitly enable optimize_autoloader. Recommended especially for production, but can take a bit of time to run.
- `command` (String) Composer command like `install`, `update` and so on.
- `composer_executable` (String) Path to composer executable on the remote host, if composer is not in `PATH` or a custom composer is needed.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) Path to PHP executable on the remote host, if PHP is not in `PATH`.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `global_command` (Boolean) Runs the specified command globally.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_platform_reqs` (Boolean) Ignore `php`, `hhvm`, `lib-*` and `ext-*` requirements and force the installation even if the local machine does not fulfill these.
- `no_dev` (Boolean) Disables installation of require-dev packages (see `--no-dev`).
- `no_plugins` (Boolean) Disables all plugins (see `--no-plugins`).
- `no_scripts` (Boolean) Skips the execution of all scripts defined in composer.json (see `--no-scripts`).
- `optimize_autoloader` (Boolean) Optimize autoloader during autoloader dump (see `--optimize-autoloader`). Convert PSR-0/4 autoloading to classmap to get a faster autoloader. Recommended especially for production, but can take a bit of time to run.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prefer_dist` (Boolean) Forces installation from package dist even for dev versions (see `--prefer-dist`).
- `prefer_source` (Boolean) Forces installation from package sources when possible (see `--prefer-source`).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `working_dir` (String) Directory of your project (see `--working-dir`). This is required when the command is not run globally. This is ignored if `global_command=true`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
