---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_tpm Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_tpm (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datacenter` (String) The vCenter datacenter name used to get specified cluster or host.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) VM folder, absolute or relative path to find an existing VM. This parameter is not required, only when multiple VMs are found with the same name. The folder should include the datacenter name. Examples:    folder: /datacenter1/vm    folder: datacenter1/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm/folder2
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the instance to manage if known, this is a unique identifier only within a single vCenter instance. This is required if `name` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual machine. This is required if parameter `uuid` or `moid` is not supplied.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of vTPM device. If set to 'absent', vTPM device will be removed from VM. If set to 'present', vTPM device will be added if not present. Virtual machine should be turned off before add or remove vTPM device. Virtual machine should not contain snapshots before add vTPM device.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the instance to manage if known, this is VMware's unique identifier. This is required if parameter `name` or `moid` is not supplied.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `instance` (String) metadata about the VM vTPM device
