---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_privs Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_privs (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `login_db` (String) Name of database to connect to. The `db` and `database` aliases are deprecated and will be removed in version 5.0.0.
- `roles` (String) Comma separated list of role (user/group) names to set permissions for. Roles `PUBLIC`, `CURRENT_ROLE`, `CURRENT_USER`, `SESSION_USER` are implicitly defined in PostgreSQL. `CURRENT_USER` and `SESSION_USER` implicit roles are supported since collection version 3.1.0 and PostgreSQL 9.5. `CURRENT_ROLE` implicit role is supported since collection version 3.1.0 and PostgreSQL 14.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `fail_on_role` (Boolean) If `true`, fail when target role (for whom privs need to be granted) does not exist. Otherwise just warn and continue.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `grant_option` (Boolean) Whether `role` may grant/revoke the specified privileges/group memberships to others. Set to `false` to revoke GRANT OPTION, leave unspecified to make no changes. *grant_option* only has an effect if *state* is `present`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `objs` (String) Comma separated list of database objects to set privileges on. If *type* is `table`, `partition table`, `sequence`, `function` or `procedure`, the special value `ALL_IN_SCHEMA` can be provided instead to specify all database objects of *type* in the schema specified via *schema*. (This also works with PostgreSQL < 9.0.) (`ALL_IN_SCHEMA` is available for `function` and `partition table` since Ansible 2.8). `procedure` is supported since PostgreSQL 11 and community.postgresql collection 1.3.0. `parameter` is supported since PostgreSQL 15 and community.postgresql collection 3.1.0. If *type* is `database`, this parameter can be omitted, in which case privileges are set for the database specified via *database*. If *type* is `function` or `procedure`, colons (":") in object names will be replaced with commas (needed to specify signatures, see examples).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `privs` (String) Comma separated list of privileges to grant/revoke.
- `schema` (String) Schema that contains the database objects specified via *objs*. May only be provided if *type* is `table`, `sequence`, `function`, `procedure`, `type`, or `default_privs`. Defaults to `public` in these cases. Pay attention, for embedded types when *type=type* *schema* can be `pg_catalog` or `information_schema` respectively. If not specified, uses `public`. Not to pass any schema, use `not-specified`.
- `session_role` (String) Switch to session_role after connecting. The specified session_role must be a role that the current login_user is a member of. Permissions checking for SQL commands is carried out as though the session_role were the one that had logged in originally.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If `present`, the specified privileges are granted, if `absent` they are revoked.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_roles` (String) A list of existing role (user/group) names to set as the default permissions for database objects subsequently created by them. Parameter *target_roles* is only available with `type=default_privs`.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trust_input` (Boolean) If `false`, check whether values of parameters *roles*, *target_roles*, *session_role*, *schema* are potentially dangerous. It makes sense to use `false` only when SQL injections via the parameters are possible.
- `type` (String) Type of database object to set privileges on. The `default_privs` choice is available starting at version 2.7. The `foreign_data_wrapper` and `foreign_server` object types are available since Ansible version 2.8. The `type` choice is available since Ansible version 2.10. The `procedure` is supported since collection version 1.3.0 and PostgreSQL 11. The `parameter` is supported since collection version 3.1.0 and PostgreSQL 15. The `table` also includes views and materialized views. It is inclusive of foreign tables since collection version 3.6.0.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `queries` (String) List of executed queries.
