---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_gitlab_project Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_gitlab_project (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the project.

### Optional

- `allow_merge_on_skipped_pipeline` (Boolean) Allow merge when skipped pipelines exist.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `avatar_path` (String) Absolute path image to configure avatar. File size should not exceed 200 kb. This option is only used on creation, not for updates.
- `build_timeout` (Number) Maximum number of seconds a CI job can run. If not specified on creation, GitLab imposes a default value.
- `builds_access_level` (String) `private` means that repository CI/CD is allowed only to project members. `disabled` means that repository CI/CD is disabled. `enabled` means that repository CI/CD is enabled.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `ci_config_path` (String) Custom path to the CI configuration file for this project.
- `container_expiration_policy` (String) Project cleanup policy for its container registry.
- `container_registry_access_level` (String) `private` means that container registry is allowed only to project members. `disabled` means that container registry is disabled. `enabled` means that container registry is enabled.
- `default_branch` (String) The default branch name for this project. For project creation, this option requires `initialize_with_readme=true`. For project update, the branch must exist. Supports project's default branch update since community.general 8.0.0.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An description for the project.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `environments_access_level` (String) `private` means that deployment to environment is allowed only to project members. `disabled` means that deployment to environment is disabled. `enabled` means that deployment to environment is enabled.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `feature_flags_access_level` (String) `private` means that feature rollout is allowed only to project members. `disabled` means that feature rollout is disabled. `enabled` means that feature rollout is enabled.
- `forking_access_level` (String) `private` means that repository forks is allowed only to project members. `disabled` means that repository forks are disabled. `enabled` means that repository forks are enabled.
- `group` (String) ID or the full path of the group of which this projects belongs to.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `import_url` (String) Git repository which is imported into gitlab. GitLab server needs read access to this git repository.
- `infrastructure_access_level` (String) `private` means that configuring infrastructure is allowed only to project members. `disabled` means that configuring infrastructure is disabled. `enabled` means that configuring infrastructure is enabled.
- `initialize_with_readme` (Boolean) Initializes the project with a default `README.md`. Is only used when the project is created, and ignored otherwise.
- `issues_access_level` (String) `private` means that accessing issues tab is allowed only to project members. `disabled` means that accessing issues tab is disabled. `enabled` means that accessing issues tab is enabled. `issues_access_level` and `issues_enabled` are mutually exclusive.
- `issues_enabled` (Boolean) Whether you want to create issues or not. `issues_access_level` and `issues_enabled` are mutually exclusive.
- `lfs_enabled` (Boolean) Enable Git large file systems to manages large files such as audio, video, and graphics files.
- `merge_method` (String) What requirements are placed upon merges. Possible values are `merge`, `rebase_merge` merge commit with semi-linear history, `ff` fast-forward merges only.
- `merge_requests_enabled` (Boolean) If merge requests can be made or not.
- `model_registry_access_level` (String) `private` means that accessing model registry tab is allowed only to project members. `disabled` means that accessing model registry tab is disabled. `enabled` means that accessing model registry tab is enabled.
- `monitor_access_level` (String) `private` means that monitoring health is allowed only to project members. `disabled` means that monitoring health is disabled. `enabled` means that monitoring health is enabled.
- `only_allow_merge_if_all_discussions_are_resolved` (Boolean) All discussions on a merge request (MR) have to be resolved.
- `only_allow_merge_if_pipeline_succeeds` (Boolean) Only allow merges if pipeline succeeded.
- `packages_enabled` (Boolean) Enable GitLab package repository.
- `pages_access_level` (String) `private` means that accessing pages tab is allowed only to project members. `disabled` means that accessing pages tab is disabled. `enabled` means that accessing pages tab is enabled.
- `path` (String) The path of the project you want to create, this is server_url/`group`/`path`. If not supplied, `name` is used.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `releases_access_level` (String) `private` means that accessing release is allowed only to project members. `disabled` means that accessing release is disabled. `enabled` means that accessing release is enabled.
- `remove_source_branch_after_merge` (Boolean) Remove the source branch after merge.
- `repository_access_level` (String) `private` means that accessing repository is allowed only to project members. `disabled` means that accessing repository is disabled. `enabled` means that accessing repository is enabled.
- `security_and_compliance_access_level` (String) `private` means that accessing security and complicance tab is allowed only to project members. `disabled` means that accessing security and complicance tab is disabled. `enabled` means that accessing security and complicance tab is enabled.
- `service_desk_enabled` (Boolean) Enable Service Desk.
- `shared_runners_enabled` (Boolean) Enable shared runners for this project.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snippets_enabled` (Boolean) If creating snippets should be available or not.
- `squash_option` (String) Squash commits when merging.
- `state` (String) Create or delete project. Possible values are present and absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `topics` (String) A topic or list of topics to be assigned to a project. It is compatible with old GitLab server releases (versions before 14, correspond to `tag_list`).
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Used to create a personal project under a user's name.
- `visibility` (String) `private` Project access must be granted explicitly for each user. `internal` The project can be cloned by any logged in user. `public` The project can be cloned without any authentication.
- `wiki_enabled` (Boolean) If an wiki for this project should be available or not.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error` (String) The error message returned by the GitLab API.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Success or failure message.
- `project` (String) API object.
- `result` (String) JSON-parsed response from the server.
