---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_msk_cluster Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_msk_cluster (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the cluster.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authentication` (String) Includes all client authentication related information. Effective only for new cluster and can not be updated.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `configuration_arn` (String) ARN of the configuration to use. This parameter is required when *state=present*.
- `configuration_revision` (Number) The revision of the configuration to use. This parameter is required when *state=present*.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `ebs_volume_size` (Number) The size in GiB of the EBS volume for the data drive on each broker node.
- `encryption` (String) Includes all encryption-related information. Effective only for new cluster and can not be updated.
- `enhanced_monitoring` (String) Specifies the level of monitoring for the MSK cluster.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `instance_type` (String) The type of Amazon EC2 instances to use for Kafka brokers.
- `logging` (String) Logging configuration.
- `nodes` (Number) The number of broker nodes in the cluster. Should be greater or equal to two.
- `open_monitoring` (String) The settings for open monitoring.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `security_groups` (String) The AWS security groups to associate with the elastic network interfaces in order to specify who can connect to and communicate with the Amazon MSK cluster. If you don't specify a security group, Amazon MSK uses the default security group associated with the VPC.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create (`present`) or delete (`absent`) cluster.
- `subnets` (String) The list of subnets to connect to in the client virtual private cloud (VPC). AWS creates elastic network interfaces inside these subnets. Client applications use elastic network interfaces to produce and consume data. Client subnets can't be in Availability Zone us-east-1e. This parameter is required when *state=present*.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `version` (String) The version of Apache Kafka. This version should exist in given configuration. This parameter is required when *state=present*.
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether to wait for the cluster to be available or deleted.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How many seconds to wait. Cluster creation can take up to 20-30 minutes.

### Read-Only

- `bootstrap_broker_string` (String) A list of brokers that a client application can use to bootstrap.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cluster_info` (String) Description of the MSK cluster.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `response` (String) The response from actual API call.
