---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_mongodb_mongodb_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_mongodb_mongodb_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The name of the database to add/remove the user from.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the user to add or remove.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `create_for_localhost_exception` (String) This is parmeter is only useful for handling special treatment around the localhost exception. If `login_user` is defined, then the localhost exception is not active and this parameter has no effect. If this file is NOT present (and `login_user` is not defined), then touch this file after successfully adding the user. If this file is present (and `login_user` is not defined), then skip this task.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) The password to use for the user.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `replica_set` (String) Replica set to connect to (automatically connects to primary for writes). Leave empty if you need the localhost exception, e.g. to create the initial user
- `roles` (String) The database user roles valid values could either be one or more of the following strings: 'read', 'readWrite', 'dbAdmin', 'userAdmin', 'clusterAdmin', 'readAnyDatabase', 'readWriteAnyDatabase', 'userAdminAnyDatabase', 'dbAdminAnyDatabase'
 Or the following dictionary '{ db: DATABASE_NAME, role: ROLE_NAME }'. This param requires pymongo 2.5+. If it is a string, mongodb 2.4+ is also required. If it is a dictionary, mongo 2.6+ is required.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The database user state.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_password` (String) `always` will always update passwords and cause the module to return changed. `on_create` will only set the password for newly created users. This must be `always` to use the localhost exception when adding the first admin user. This option is effectively ignored when using x.509 certs. It is defaulted to 'on_create' to maintain a \ a specific module behaviour when the login_database is '$external'.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `user` (String) The name of the user to add or remove.
