---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ipa_hostgroup Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ipa_hostgroup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cn` (String) Name of host-group. Can not be changed as it is the unique identifier.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `append` (Boolean) If `true`, add the listed `host` to the `hostgroup`. If `false`, only the listed `host` is set in `hostgroup`, removing any other hosts.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host` (String) List of hosts that belong to the host-group. If an empty list is passed all hosts are removed from the group. If option is omitted hosts are not checked nor changed. If option is passed all assigned hosts that are not passed are unassigned from the group.
- `hostgroup` (String) List of host-groups than belong to that host-group. If an empty list is passed all host-groups are removed from the group. If option is omitted host-groups are not checked nor changed. If option is passed all assigned hostgroups that are not passed are unassigned from the group.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State to ensure. `"absent"` and `"disabled"` give the same results. `"present"` and `"enabled"` give the same results.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
