---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_icinga2_host Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_icinga2_host (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name used to create / delete the host. This does not need to be the FQDN, but does needs to be unique.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `check_command` (String) The command used to check if the host is alive.
- `client_cert` (String) PEM formatted certificate chain file to be used for SSL client authentication. This file can also include the key as well, and if the key is included, `client_key` is not required.
- `client_key` (String) PEM formatted file that contains your private key to be used for SSL client authentication. If `client_cert` contains both the certificate and key, this option is not required.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `display_name` (String) The name used to display the host. If not specified, it defaults to the value of the `name` parameter.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_basic_auth` (Boolean) `httplib2`, the library used by Ansible's HTTP request code only sends authentication information when a webservice responds to an initial request with a 401 status. Since some basic auth services do not properly send a 401, logins may fail. This option forces the sending of the Basic authentication header upon initial request.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip` (String) The IP address of the host. This is no longer required since community.general 8.0.0.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Apply feature state.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template` (String) The template used to define the host. Template cannot be modified after object creation.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) HTTP, HTTPS, or FTP URL in the form `(http|https|ftp\`://[user[:pass]]@host.domain[:port]/path).
- `url_password` (String) The password for use in HTTP basic authentication. If the `url_username` parameter is not specified, the `url_password` parameter is not used.
- `url_username` (String) The username for use in HTTP basic authentication. This parameter can be used without `url_password` for sites that allow empty passwords.
- `use_proxy` (Boolean) If `false`, it does not use a proxy, even if one is defined in an environment variable on the target hosts.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If `false`, SSL certificates are not validated. This should only be used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates.
- `variables` (String) Dictionary of variables.
- `zone` (String) The zone from where this host should be polled.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) The data structure used for create, modify or delete of the host.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
