---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_say Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_say (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `end_sound_path` (String) Full path to a `.wav` file containing a sound to play after the text has been spoken. Useful on conference calls to alert other speakers that ansible has finished speaking.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `msg` (String) The text to be spoken. Use either `msg` or `msg_file`. Optional so that you can use this module just to play sounds.
- `msg_file` (String) Full path to a windows format text file containing the text to be spoken. Use either `msg` or `msg_file`. Optional so that you can use this module just to play sounds.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `speech_speed` (Number) How fast or slow to speak the text. Must be an integer value in the range -10 to 10. -10 is slowest, 10 is fastest.
- `start_sound_path` (String) Full path to a `.wav` file containing a sound to play before the text is spoken. Useful on conference calls to alert other speakers that ansible has something to say.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `voice` (String) Which voice to use. See notes for how to discover installed voices. If the requested voice is not available the default voice will be used. Example voice names from Windows 10 are `Microsoft Zira Desktop` and `Microsoft Hazel Desktop`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `message_text` (String) The text that the module attempted to speak.
- `voice_info` (String) The voice used to speak the text.
