---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_vgpu Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_vgpu (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster` (String) The cluster name where the virtual machine is running.
- `datacenter` (String) The datacenter name to which virtual machine belongs to.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `esxi_hostname` (String) The ESXi hostname where the virtual machine is running.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Destination folder, absolute or relative path to find an existing guest. This is a required parameter, only if multiple VMs are found with same name. The folder should include the datacenter. ESXi server's datacenter is ha-datacenter. Examples:    folder: /ha-datacenter/vm    folder: ha-datacenter/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm    folder: datacenter1/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm/folder2
- `force` (Boolean) Force operation.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the instance to manage if known, this is a unique identifier only within a single vCenter instance. This is required if `name` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual machine. This is a required parameter, if parameter `uuid` or `moid` is not supplied.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) vGPU profile state. When `present`, the selected vGPU profile will be added if the VM hosted ESXi host NVIDIA GPU offer it. When `absent`, the selected vGPU profile gets removed from the VM.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_instance_uuid` (Boolean) Whether to use the VMware instance UUID rather than the BIOS UUID.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the instance to gather facts if known, this is VMware's unique identifier. This is a required parameter, if parameter `name` or `moid` is not supplied.
- `vgpu` (String) A supported vGPU profile depending on the GPU model. Required for any operation.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vgpu_info` (String) metadata about the virtual machine's vGPU profile
