---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_serverless Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_serverless (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `service_path` (String) The path to the root of the Serverless Service to be operated on.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deploy` (Boolean) Whether or not to deploy artifacts after building them. When this option is `false` all the functions are built, but no stack update is run to send them out. This is mostly useful for generating artifacts to be stored/deployed elsewhere.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Whether or not to force full deployment, equivalent to serverless `--force` option.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `region` (String) AWS region to deploy the service to. This parameter defaults to `us-east-1`.
- `serverless_bin_path` (String) The path of a serverless framework binary relative to the `service_path`, for example `node_module/.bin/serverless`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `stage` (String) The name of the serverless framework project stage to deploy to. This uses the serverless framework default "dev".
- `state` (String) Goal state of given stage/project.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `verbose` (Boolean) Shows all stack events during deployment, and display any Stack Output.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `command` (String) Full `serverless` command run by this module, in case you want to re-run the command outside the module.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `service_name` (String) The service name specified in the serverless.yml that was just deployed.
