---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_firewall_rule Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_firewall_rule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `action` (String) What to do with the items this rule is for. Defaults to `allow` when creating a new rule.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description for the firewall rule.
- `direction` (String) Whether this rule is for inbound or outbound traffic. Defaults to `in` when creating a new rule.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether this firewall rule is enabled or disabled. Defaults to `true` when creating a new rule.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `group` (String) The group name for the rule. If *name* is not specified then the module will set the firewall options for all the rules in this group.
- `icmp_type_code` (String) The ICMP types and codes for the rule. This is only valid when *protocol* is `icmpv4` or `icmpv6`. Each entry follows the format `type:code` where `type` is the type number and `code` is the code number for that type or `*` for all codes. Set the value to just `*` to apply the rule for all ICMP type codes. See https://www.iana.org/assignments/icmp-parameters/icmp-parameters.xhtml for a list of ICMP types and the codes that apply to them. ICMP types and codes for IPV6 can be found at https://www.iana.org/assignments/icmpv6-parameters/icmpv6-parameters.xhtml.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `localip` (String) The local ip address this rule applies to. Set to `any` to apply to all local ip addresses. Defaults to `any` when creating a new rule.
- `localport` (String) The local port this rule applies to. Set to `any` to apply to all local ports. Defaults to `any` when creating a new rule. Must have *protocol* set
- `name` (String) The rule's display name. This is required unless *group* is specified.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `profiles` (String) The profile this rule applies to. Defaults to `domain,private,public` when creating a new rule.
- `program` (String) The program this rule applies to. Set to `any` to apply to all programs. Defaults to `any` when creating a new rule.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol this rule applies to. Set to `any` to apply to all services. Defaults to `any` when creating a new rule.
- `remoteip` (String) The remote ip address/range this rule applies to. Set to `any` to apply to all remote ip addresses. Defaults to `any` when creating a new rule.
- `remoteport` (String) The remote port this rule applies to. Set to `any` to apply to all remote ports. Defaults to `any` when creating a new rule. Must have *protocol* set
- `service` (String) The service this rule applies to. Set to `any` to apply to all services. Defaults to `any` when creating a new rule.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should this rule be added or removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
