---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_toast Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_toast (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `expire` (Number) How long in seconds before the notification expires.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `group` (String) Which notification group to add the notification to.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `msg` (String) The message to appear inside the notification. May include \n to format the message to appear within the Action Center.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `popup` (Boolean) If `no`, the notification will not pop up and will only appear in the Action Center.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tag` (String) The tag to add to the notification.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `title` (String) The notification title, which appears in the pop up..
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `expire_at_utc` (String) Calculated utc date time when the notification expires.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `no_toast_sent_reason` (String) Text containing the reason why a notification was not sent.
- `sent_localtime` (String) local date time when the notification was sent.
- `time_taken` (Number) How long the module took to run on the remote windows host in seconds.
- `toast_sent` (Boolean) Whether the module was able to send a toast notification or not.
