---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_zypper_repository Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_zypper_repository (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_import_keys` (Boolean) Automatically import the gpg signing key of the new or changed repository. Has an effect only if `state=present`. Has no effect on existing (unchanged) repositories or in combination with `state=absent`. Implies `runrefresh`. Only works with `.repo` files if `name` is given explicitly.
- `autorefresh` (Boolean) Enable autorefresh of the repository.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A description of the repository.
- `disable_gpg_check` (Boolean) Whether to disable GPG signature checking of all packages. Has an effect only if `state=present`. Needs `zypper` version >= 1.6.2.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Set repository to enabled (or disabled).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) A name for the repository. Not required when adding repofiles.
- `overwrite_multiple` (Boolean) Overwrite multiple repository entries, if repositories with both name and URL already exist.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `priority` (Number) Set priority of repository. Packages are always installed from the repository with the smallest priority number. Needs `zypper` version >= 1.12.25.
- `repo` (String) URI of the repository or full path of a `.repo` file. Required when `state=present`.
- `runrefresh` (Boolean) Refresh the package list of the given repository. Can be used with `repo=*` to refresh all repositories.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the repository should exist or not. A source string state.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
