---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ansible_galaxy_install Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ansible_galaxy_install (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `type` (String) The type of installation performed by `ansible-galaxy`. If `type=both`, then `requirements_file` must be passed and it may contain both roles and collections. Note however that the opposite is not true: if using a `requirements_file`, then `type` can be any of the three choices.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dest` (String) The path to the directory containing your collections or roles, according to the value of `type`. Please notice that `ansible-galaxy` does not install collections with `type=both`, when `requirements_file` contains both roles and collections and `dest` is specified.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Force overwriting existing roles and/or collections. It can be used for upgrading, but the module output always reports R`ignore:changed=true`. Using `force=true` is mandatory when downgrading.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Name of the collection or role being installed. Versions can be specified with `ansible-galaxy` usual formats. For example, the collection `community.docker:1.6.1` or the role `ansistrano.deploy,3.8.0`. `name` and `requirements_file` are mutually exclusive.
- `no_deps` (Boolean) Refrain from installing dependencies.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `requirements_file` (String) Path to a file containing a list of requirements to be installed. It works for `type` equals to `collection` and `role`. `name` and `requirements_file` are mutually exclusive.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If `state=present` then the collection or role is installed. Note that the collections and roles are not updated with this option. Currently the `state=latest` is ignored unless `type=collection`, and it ensures the collection is installed and updated to the latest available version. Please note that `force=true` can be used to perform upgrade regardless of `type`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `installed_collections` (String) If `requirements_file` is specified instead, returns dictionary with all the collections installed per path. If `name` is specified, returns that collection name and the version installed per path.
- `installed_roles` (String) If `requirements_file` is specified instead, returns dictionary with all the roles installed per path. If `name` is specified, returns that role name and the version installed per path.
- `new_collections` (String) New collections installed by this module.
- `new_roles` (String) New roles installed by this module.
- `version` (String) Version of ansible-core for ansible-galaxy.
