---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_keycloak_authz_permission Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_keycloak_authz_permission (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_id` (String) The clientId of the keycloak client that should have the authorization scope. This is usually a human-readable name of the Keycloak client.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the authorization permission to create.
- `permission_type` (String) The type of authorization permission. On `scope` create a scope-based permission. On `resource` create a resource-based permission.
- `realm` (String) The name of the Keycloak realm the Keycloak client is in.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `decision_strategy` (String) The decision strategy to use with this permission.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the authorization permission.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `policies` (String) Policy names to attach to this permission.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resources` (String) Resource names to attach to this permission. Scope-based permissions can only include one resource. Resource-based permissions can include multiple resources.
- `scopes` (String) Scope names to attach to this permission. Resource-based permissions cannot have scopes attached to them.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the authorization permission. On `present`, the authorization permission is created (or updated if it exists already). On `absent`, the authorization permission is removed if it exists.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `end_state` (String) Representation of the authorization permission after module execution.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Message as to what action was taken.
