---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_redis Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_redis (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `ca_certs` (String)
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `command` (String) The selected redis command. `config` ensures a configuration setting on an instance. `flush` flushes all the instance or a specified db. `replica` sets a redis instance in replica or master mode. (`slave` is an alias for `replica`).
- `db` (Number) The database to flush (used in DB mode) [flush command].
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `flush_mode` (String) Type of flush (all the DBs in a redis instance or a specific one) [flush command].
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `login_user` (String)
- `master_host` (String) The host of the master instance [replica command].
- `master_port` (Number) The port of the master instance [replica command].
- `name` (String) A redis config key.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `replica_mode` (String) The mode of the redis instance [replica command]. `slave` is an alias for `replica`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tls` (String)
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate_certs` (String)
- `value` (String) A redis config value. When memory size is needed, it is possible to specify it in the usual form of 1KB, 2M, 400MB where the base is 1024. Units are case insensitive, in other words 1m = 1mb = 1M = 1MB.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
