---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_cargo Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_cargo (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of a Rust package to install.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `directory` (String) Path to the source directory to install the Rust package from. This is only used when installing packages.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) Path to the `cargo` installed in the system. If not specified, the module looks for `cargo` in `PATH`.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `features` (String) List of features to activate. This is only used when installing packages.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `locked` (Boolean) Install with locked dependencies. This is only used when installing packages.
- `path` (String) The base path where to install the Rust packages. Cargo automatically appends `/bin`. In other words, `/usr/local` becomes `/usr/local/bin`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of the Rust package.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `version` (String) The version to install. If `name` contains multiple values, the module tries to install all of them in this version.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
