---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_github_webhook Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_github_webhook (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `repository` (String) Full name of the repository to configure a hook for.
- `url` (String) URL to which payloads are delivered.
- `user` (String) User to authenticate to GitHub as.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Whether or not the hook is active.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content_type` (String) The media type used to serialize the payloads.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `events` (String) A list of GitHub events the hook is triggered for. Events are listed at https://developer.github.com/v3/activity/events/types/. Required unless `state=absent`.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `github_url` (String) Base URL of the GitHub API.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `insecure_ssl` (Boolean) Flag to indicate that GitHub should skip SSL verification when calling the hook.
- `password` (String) Password to authenticate to GitHub with.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `secret` (String) The shared secret between GitHub and the payload URL.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the hook should be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) Token to authenticate to GitHub with.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `hook_id` (Number) The GitHub ID of the hook created/updated.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
