---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_lineinfile Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_lineinfile (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) The path of the file to modify. Note that the Windows path delimiter `\` must be escaped as `\\` when the line is double quoted.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backrefs` (Boolean) Used with `state=present`. If set, line can contain backreferences (both positional and named) that will get populated if the `regexp` matches. This flag changes the operation of the module slightly; `insertbefore` and `insertafter` will be ignored, and if the `regexp` doesn't match anywhere in the file, the file will be left unchanged. If the `regexp` does match, the last matching line will be replaced by the expanded line parameter.
- `backup` (Boolean) Determine whether a backup should be created. When set to `yes`, create a backup file including the timestamp information so you can get the original file back if you somehow clobbered it incorrectly.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `create` (Boolean) Used with `state=present`. If specified, the file will be created if it does not already exist. By default it will fail if the file is missing.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encoding` (String) Specifies the encoding of the source text file to operate on (and thus what the output encoding will be). The default of `auto` will cause the module to auto-detect the encoding of the source file and ensure that the modified file is written with the same encoding. An explicit encoding can be passed as a string that is a valid value to pass to the .NET framework System.Text.Encoding.GetEncoding() method - see https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.text.encoding%28v=vs.110%29.aspx. This is mostly useful with `create=yes` if you want to create a new file with a specific encoding. If `create=yes` is specified without a specific encoding, the default encoding (UTF-8, no BOM) will be used.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `insertafter` (String) Used with `state=present`. If specified, the line will be inserted after the last match of specified regular expression. A special value is available; `EOF` for inserting the line at the end of the file. If specified regular expression has no matches, EOF will be used instead. May not be used with `backrefs`.
- `insertbefore` (String) Used with `state=present`. If specified, the line will be inserted before the last match of specified regular expression. A value is available; `BOF` for inserting the line at the beginning of the file. If specified regular expression has no matches, the line will be inserted at the end of the file. May not be used with `backrefs`.
- `line` (String) Required for `state=present`. The line to insert/replace into the file. If `backrefs` is set, may contain backreferences that will get expanded with the `regexp` capture groups if the regexp matches. Be aware that the line is processed first on the controller and thus is dependent on yaml quoting rules. Any double quoted line will have control characters, such as '\r\n', expanded. To print such characters literally, use single or no quotes.
- `newline` (String) Specifies the line separator style to use for the modified file. This defaults to the windows line separator (`\r\n`). Note that the indicated line separator will be used for file output regardless of the original line separator that appears in the input file.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `regex` (String) The regular expression to look for in every line of the file. For `state=present`, the pattern to replace if found; only the last line found will be replaced. For `state=absent`, the pattern of the line to remove. Uses .NET compatible regular expressions; see https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/hs600312%28v=vs.110%29.aspx.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the line should be there or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate` (String) Validation to run before copying into place. Use %s in the command to indicate the current file to validate. The command is passed securely so shell features like expansion and pipes won't work.

### Read-Only

- `backup_file` (String) Name of the backup file that was created.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
