---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_slack Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_slack (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `token` (String) Slack integration token. This authenticates you to the Slack service. Make sure to use the correct type of token, depending on what method you use. Webhook token: Prior to Ansible 1.8, a token looked like `3Ffe373sfhRE6y42Fg3rvf4GlK`. In Ansible 1.8 and above, Ansible adapts to the new Slack API where tokens look like `G922VJP24/D921DW937/3Ffe373sfhRE6y42Fg3rvf4GlK`. If tokens are in the new format then Slack ignores any value of domain except `slack.com` or `slack-gov.com`. If the token is in the old format the domain is required. Ansible has no control of when Slack is going to remove the old API. When Slack does that the old format is going to cease working. **Please keep in mind the tokens are not the API tokens but are the webhook tokens.** In Slack these are found in the webhook URL which are obtained under the apps and integrations. The incoming webhooks can be added in that area. In some cases this may be locked by your Slack admin and you must request access. It is there that the incoming webhooks can be added. The key is on the end of the URL given to you in that section. WebAPI token: Slack WebAPI requires a personal, bot or work application token. These tokens start with `xoxp-`, `xoxb-` or `xoxa-`, for example `xoxb-1234-56789abcdefghijklmnop`. WebAPI token is required if you intend to receive thread_id. See Slack's documentation (https://api.slack.com/docs/token-types) for more information.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attachments` (String) Define a list of attachments. This list mirrors the Slack JSON API. For more information, see https://api.slack.com/docs/attachments.
- `blocks` (String) Define a list of blocks. This list mirrors the Slack JSON API. For more information, see https://api.slack.com/block-kit.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `channel` (String) Channel to send the message to. If absent, the message goes to the channel selected for the `token`.
- `color` (String) Allow text to use default colors - use the default of `normal` to not send a custom color bar at the start of the message. Allowed values for color can be one of `normal`, `good`, `warning`, `danger`, any valid 3 digit or 6 digit hex color value.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) When using new format 'Webhook token' and WebAPI tokens: this can be `slack.com` or `slack-gov.com` and is ignored otherwise. When using old format 'Webhook token': Slack (sub)domain for your environment without protocol. (For example `example.slack.com`.) in Ansible 1.8 and beyond, this is deprecated and may be ignored. See token documentation for information.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `icon_emoji` (String) Emoji for the message sender. See Slack documentation for options. If `icon_emoji` is set, `icon_url` is not used.
- `icon_url` (String) URL for the message sender's icon.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `link_names` (Number) Automatically create links for channels and usernames in `msg`.
- `message_id` (String) Optional. Message ID to edit, instead of posting a new message. If supplied `channel` must be in form of `C0xxxxxxx`. use `{{ slack_response.channel }}` to get R`ignore:channel` from previous task run. The token needs history scope to get information on the message to edit (`channels:history,groups:history,mpim:history,im:history`). Corresponds to `ts` in the Slack API (https://api.slack.com/messaging/modifying).
- `msg` (String) Message to send. Note that the module does not handle escaping characters. Plain-text angle brackets and ampersands should be converted to HTML entities (for example `&` to `&amp;`) before sending. See Slack's documentation (https://api.slack.com/docs/message-formatting) for more.
- `parse` (String) Setting for the message parser at Slack.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prepend_hash` (String) Setting for automatically prepending a `#` symbol on the passed in `channel`. The `auto` method prepends a `#` unless `channel` starts with one of `#`, `@`, `C0`, `GF`, `G0`, `CP`. These prefixes only cover a small set of the prefixes that should not have a `#` prepended. Since an exact condition which `channel` values must not have the `#` prefix is not known, the value `auto` for this option is deprecated in the future. It is best to explicitly set `prepend_hash=always` or `prepend_hash=never` to obtain the needed behavior. Before community.general 12.0.0, the default was `auto`. It has been deprecated since community.general 10.2.0. Note that `auto` will be deprecated in a future version.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `thread_id` (String) Optional. Timestamp of parent message to thread this message, see https://api.slack.com/docs/message-threading.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) This is the sender of the message.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If `false`, SSL certificates are not validated. This should only be used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
