---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_dvswitch_pvlans Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_dvswitch_pvlans (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `switch` (String) The name of the Distributed Switch.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `primary_pvlans` (String) A list of VLAN IDs that should be configured as Primary PVLANs. If not specified, all PVLANs will be deleted if present. Each member of the list requires primary_pvlan_id (int) set. The secondary promiscuous PVLAN will be created automatically. If `secondary_pvlans` isn't specified, the primary PVLANs and each secondary promiscuous PVLAN will be created. Please see examples for more information.
- `secondary_pvlans` (String) A list of VLAN IDs that should be configured as Secondary PVLANs. `primary_pvlans` need to be specified to create any Secondary PVLAN. If `primary_pvlans` isn't specified, all PVLANs will be deleted if present. Each member of the list requires primary_pvlan_id (int), secondary_pvlan_id (int), and pvlan_type (str) to be set. The type of the secondary PVLAN can be isolated or community. The secondary promiscuous PVLAN will be created automatically. Please see examples for more information.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) information about performed operation
