---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_mongodb_mongodb_replicaset Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_mongodb_mongodb_replicaset (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `arbiter_at_index` (Number) Identifies the position of the member in the array that is an arbiter.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `chaining_allowed` (Boolean) When *settings.chaining_allowed=true*, the replicaset allows secondary members to replicate from other secondary members. When *settings.chaining_allowed=false*, secondaries can replicate only from the primary.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster_cmd` (String) Command the module should use to obtain information about the MongoDB node we are connecting to.
- `debug` (Boolean) Add additonal info for debug.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `election_timeout_millis` (Number) The time limit in milliseconds for detecting when a replicaset's primary is unreachable.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Only relevant when reconfigure = true. Specify true to force the available replica set members to accept the new configuration. Force reconfiguration can result in unexpected or undesired behavior, including rollback of "majority" committed writes.
- `heartbeat_timeout_secs` (Number) Number of seconds that the replicaset members wait for a successful heartbeat from each other. If a member does not respond in time, other members mark the delinquent member as inaccessible. The setting only applies when using *protocol_version=0*. When using *protocol_version=1* the relevant setting is *settings.election_timeout_millis*.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `max_time_ms` (Number) Specifies a cumulative time limit in milliseconds for processing the replicaset reconfiguration.
- `members` (String) Yaml list consisting of the replicaset members. Csv string will also be accepted i.e. mongodb1:27017,mongodb2:27017,mongodb3:27017. A dictionary can also be used to specify advanced replicaset member options. If a port number is not provided then 27017 is assumed.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `protocol_version` (Number) Version of the replicaset election protocol.
- `reconfigure` (Boolean) This feature is currently experimental. Please test your scenario thoroughly. Consult the integration test file for supported scenarios - \ [Integration tests](https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.mongodb/tree/master/tests/integration/targets/mongodb_replicaset/tasks). \ See files prefixed with 330. Whether to perform replicaset reconfiguration actions. Only relevant when the replicaset already exists. Only one member should be removed or added per invocation. Members should be specific as either all strings or all dicts when reconfiguring. Currently no support for replicaset settings document changes. Please always specify ports in the replicaset list when using this feature or some operations may fail.
- `replica_set` (String) Replicaset name.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate` (Boolean) Performs some basic validation on the provided replicaset config.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `mongodb_replicaset` (String) The name of the replicaset that has been created.
