---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_vspan_session Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_vspan_session (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the session.
- `state` (String) Create or remove the session.
- `switch` (String) The name of the distributed vSwitch on which to add or remove the mirroring session.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description for the session.
- `destination_port` (String) Destination port that received the mirrored packets. Also any port designated in the value of this property can not match the source port in any of the Distributed Port Mirroring session.
- `destination_vm` (String) With this parameter it is possible, to add a NIC of a VM to a port mirroring session.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the session is enabled.
- `encapsulation_vlan_id` (Number) VLAN ID used to encapsulate the mirrored traffic.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mirrored_packet_length` (Number) An integer that describes how much of each frame to mirror. If unset, all of the frame would be mirrored. Setting this property to a smaller value is useful when the consumer will look only at the headers. The value cannot be less than 60.
- `normal_traffic_allowed` (Boolean) Whether or not destination ports can send and receive "normal" traffic. Setting this to false will make mirror ports be used solely for mirroring and not double as normal access ports.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `sampling_rate` (Number) Sampling rate of the session. If its value is n, one of every n packets is mirrored. Valid values are between 1 to 65535.
- `session_type` (String) Select the mirroring type. In `encapsulatedRemoteMirrorSource` session, Distributed Ports can be used as source entities, and IP address can be used as destination entities. In `remoteMirrorDest` session, VLAN IDs can be used as source entities, and Distributed Ports can be used as destination entities. In `remoteMirrorSource` session, Distributed Ports can be used as source entities, and uplink ports name can be used as destination entities. In `dvPortMirror` session, Distributed Ports can be used as both source and destination entities.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_port_received` (String) Source port for which received packets are mirrored.
- `source_port_transmitted` (String) Source port for which transmitted packets are mirrored.
- `source_vm_received` (String) With this parameter it is possible, to add a NIC of a VM to a port mirroring session.
- `source_vm_transmitted` (String) With this parameter it is possible, to add a NIC of a VM to a port mirroring session.
- `strip_original_vlan` (Boolean) Whether to strip the original VLAN tag. If false, the original VLAN tag will be preserved on the mirrored traffic. If `encapsulation_vlan_id` has been set and this property is `false`, the frames will be double tagged with the original VLAN ID as the inner tag.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
