---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_dimensiondata_vlan Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_dimensiondata_vlan (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the target VLAN.
- `network_domain` (String) The ID or name of the target network domain.

### Optional

- `allow_expand` (Boolean) Permit expansion of the target VLAN's network if the module parameters specify a larger network than the VLAN currently possesses. If `false`, the module fails under these conditions. This is intended to prevent accidental expansion of a VLAN's network (since this operation is not reversible).
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A description of the VLAN.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_ipv4_base_address` (String) The base address for the VLAN's IPv4 network (for example `192.168.1.0`).
- `private_ipv4_prefix_size` (Number) The size of the IPv4 address space, for example `24`. Required, if `private_ipv4_base_address` is specified.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The desired state for the target VLAN. `readonly` ensures that the state is only ever read, not modified (the module fails if the resource does not exist).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vlan` (String) Dictionary describing the VLAN.
