---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vsphere_file Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vsphere_file (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datacenter` (String) The datacenter on the vCenter server that holds the datastore.
- `datastore` (String) The datastore on the vCenter server to push files to.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) The file or directory on the datastore on the vCenter server.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of or the action on the provided path. If `absent`, the file will be removed. If `directory`, the directory will be created. If `file`, more information of the (existing) file will be returned. If `touch`, an empty file will be created if the path does not exist.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
