---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_homebrew_tap Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_homebrew_tap (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The GitHub user/organization repository to tap.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `path` (String) A `:` separated list of paths to search for `brew` executable.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the repository.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) The optional git URL of the repository to tap. The URL is not assumed to be on GitHub, and the protocol does not have to be HTTP. Any location and protocol that git can handle is fine. `name` option may not be a list of multiple taps (but a single tap instead) when this option is provided.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
