---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_oci_vcn Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_oci_vcn (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cidr_block` (String) The CIDR IP address block of the VCN. Required when creating a VCN with `state=present`.
- `compartment_id` (String) The OCID of the compartment to contain the VCN. Required when creating a VCN with `state=present`. This option is mutually exclusive with `vcn_id`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `display_name` (String) A user-friendly name. Does not have to be unique, and it is changeable.
- `dns_label` (String) A DNS label for the VCN, used in conjunction with the VNIC's hostname and subnet's DNS label to form a fully qualified domain name (FQDN) for each VNIC within this subnet (for example, `bminstance-1.subnet123.vcn1.oraclevcn.com`). Not required to be unique, but it is a best practice to set unique DNS labels for VCNs in your tenancy. Must be an alphanumeric string that begins with a letter. The value cannot be changed.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or update a VCN with `state=present`. Use `state=absent` to delete a VCN.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vcn_id` (String) The OCID of the VCN. Required when deleting a VCN with `state=absent` or updating a VCN with `state=present`. This option is mutually exclusive with `compartment_id`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vcn` (String) Information about the VCN.
