---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vcenter_domain_user_group_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vcenter_domain_user_group_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `search_string` (String) The *search_string* is a string to be specified searching. Specify the domain user or group name to be searched.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `belongs_to_group` (String) If a group existing, returned contains only users or groups that directly belong to the specified group.
- `belongs_to_user` (String) If a user existing, returned contains only groups that directly contain the specified user.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) The *domain* to be specified searching.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `exact_match` (Boolean) If `true`, it indicates the `search_string` passed should match a user or group name exactly.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `find_groups` (Boolean) If `true`, domain groups will be included in the result.
- `find_users` (Boolean) If `true`, domain users will be included in the result.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `domain_user_groups` (String) list of domain user and group information
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
