---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_x509_crl Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_x509_crl (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) Remote absolute path where the generated CRL file should be created or is already located.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file including a timestamp so you can get the original CRL back if you overwrote it with a new one by accident.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `crl_mode` (String) Defines how to process entries of existing CRLs. If set to `generate`, makes sure that the CRL has the exact set of revoked certificates as specified in `revoked_certificates`. If set to `update`, makes sure that the CRL contains the revoked certificates from `revoked_certificates`, but can also contain other revoked certificates. If the CRL file already exists, all entries from the existing CRL will also be included in the new CRL. When using `update`, you might be interested in setting `ignore_timestamps` to `true`. The default value is `generate`. This parameter was called `mode` before community.crypto 2.13.0. It has been renamed to avoid a collision with the common `mode` parameter for setting the CRL file's access mode.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `digest` (String) Digest algorithm to be used when signing the CRL.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Should the CRL be forced to be regenerated.
- `format` (String) Whether the CRL file should be in PEM or DER format. If an existing CRL file does match everything but `format`, it will be converted to the correct format instead of regenerated.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_timestamps` (Boolean) Whether the timestamps `last_update`, `next_update` and `revoked_certificates[].revocation_date` should be ignored for idempotency checks. The timestamp `revoked_certificates[].invalidity_date` will never be ignored. Use this in combination with relative timestamps for these values to get idempotency.
- `issuer` (String) Key/value pairs that will be present in the issuer name field of the CRL. If you need to specify more than one value with the same key, use a list as value. If the order of the components is important, use `issuer_ordered`. One of `issuer` and `issuer_ordered` is required if `state` is `present`. Mutually exclusive with `issuer_ordered`.
- `issuer_ordered` (String) A list of dictionaries, where every dictionary must contain one key/value pair. This key/value pair will be present in the issuer name field of the CRL. If you want to specify more than one value with the same key in a row, you can use a list as value. One of `issuer` and `issuer_ordered` is required if `state` is `present`. Mutually exclusive with `issuer`.
- `last_update` (String) The point in time from which this CRL can be trusted. Time can be specified either as relative time or as absolute timestamp. Time will always be interpreted as UTC. Valid format is `[+-]timespec | ASN.1 TIME` where timespec can be an integer + `[w | d | h | m | s]` (for example `+32w1d2h`). Note that if using relative time this module is NOT idempotent, except when `ignore_timestamps` is set to `true`.
- `next_update` (String) The absolute latest point in time by which this `issuer` is expected to have issued another CRL. Many clients will treat a CRL as expired once `next_update` occurs. Time can be specified either as relative time or as absolute timestamp. Time will always be interpreted as UTC. Valid format is `[+-]timespec | ASN.1 TIME` where timespec can be an integer + `[w | d | h | m | s]` (for example `+32w1d2h`). Note that if using relative time this module is NOT idempotent, except when `ignore_timestamps` is set to `true`. Required if `state` is `present`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `privatekey_content` (String) The content of the CA's private key to use when signing the CRL. Either `privatekey_path` or `privatekey_content` must be specified if `state` is `present`, but not both.
- `privatekey_passphrase` (String) The passphrase for the `privatekey_path`. This is required if the private key is password protected.
- `privatekey_path` (String) Path to the CA's private key to use when signing the CRL. Either `privatekey_path` or `privatekey_content` must be specified if `state` is `present`, but not both.
- `return_content` (Boolean) If set to `true`, will return the (current or generated) CRL's content as R`crl`.
- `revoked_certificates` (String) List of certificates to be revoked. Required if `state` is `present`.
- `serial_numbers` (String) This option determines which values will be accepted for `revoked_certificates[].serial_number`. If set to `integer` (default), serial numbers are assumed to be integers, for example `66223`. (This example value is equivalent to the hex octet string `01:02:AF`). If set to `hex-octets`, serial numbers are assumed to be colon-separated hex octet strings, for example `01:02:AF`. (This example value is equivalent to the integer `66223`).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the CRL file should exist or not, taking action if the state is different from what is stated.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `backup_file` (String) Name of backup file created.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `crl` (String) The (current or generated) CRL's content. Will be the CRL itself if `format` is `pem`, and Base64 of the CRL if `format` is `der`.
- `filename` (String) Path to the generated CRL.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `privatekey` (String) Path to the private CA key.
