---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_sendgrid Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_sendgrid (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `body` (String) The e-mail body content.
- `from_address` (String) The address in the "from" field for the email.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `subject` (String) The desired subject for the email.
- `to_addresses` (String) A list with one or more recipient email addresses.

### Optional

- `api_key` (String) Sendgrid API key to use instead of username/password.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attachments` (String) A list of relative or explicit paths of files you want to attach (7MB limit as per SendGrid docs).
- `bcc` (String) A list of email addresses to bcc.
- `cc` (String) A list of email addresses to cc.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `from_name` (String) The name you want to appear in the from field, for example `John Doe`.
- `headers` (String) A dict to pass on as headers.
- `html_body` (Boolean) Whether the body is HTML content that should be rendered.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) Password that corresponds to the username. It is only required if `api_key` is not supplied.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Username for logging into the SendGrid account. It is only required if `api_key` is not supplied.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
