---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_docker_docker_volume Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_docker_docker_volume (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `volume_name` (String) Name of the volume to operate on.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `driver` (String) Specify the type of volume. Docker provides the `local` driver, but 3rd party drivers can also be used.
- `driver_options` (String) Dictionary of volume settings. Consult the Docker documentation for valid options and values: https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/volume_create/#driver-specific-options.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) Dictionary of label key/values to set for the volume.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `recreate` (String) Controls when a volume will be recreated when `state=present`. Please note that recreating an existing volume will cause **any data in the existing volume to be lost!** The volume will be deleted and a new volume with the same name will be created. The value `always` forces the volume to be always recreated. The value `never` makes sure the volume will not be recreated. The value `options-changed` makes sure the volume will be recreated if the volume already exist and the driver, driver options or labels differ.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `absent` deletes the volume. `present` creates the volume, if it does not already exist.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `volume` (String) Volume inspection results for the affected volume.
