---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_storage Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_storage (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the storage displayed in the storage list.
- `type` (String) The storage type/protocol to use when adding the storage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cephfs_options` (String) Extended information for adding CephFS storage.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cifs_options` (String) Extended information for adding CIFS storage.
- `content` (String) The desired content that should be used with this storage type. Required when `state=present`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dir_options` (String) Extended information for adding Directory storage.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `iscsi_options` (String) Extended information for adding iSCSI storage.
- `nfs_options` (String) Extended information for adding NFS storage.
- `nodes` (String) A list of Proxmox VE nodes on which the target storage is enabled. Required when `state=present`.
- `pbs_options` (String) Extended information for adding Proxmox Backup Server as storage.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of the defined storage type to perform.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `zfspool_options` (String) Extended information for adding ZFS storage.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `storage` (String) Status message about the storage action.
