---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_tablespace Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_tablespace (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `tablespace` (String) Name of the tablespace to add or remove.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Sets a comment on the tablespace. To reset the comment, pass an empty string.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `location` (String) Path to the tablespace directory in the file system. Ensure that the location exists and has right privileges.
- `login_db` (String) Name of database to connect to and run queries against. The `db` alias is deprecated and will be removed in version 5.0.0.
- `owner` (String) Name of the role to set as an owner of the tablespace. If this option is not specified, the tablespace owner is a role that creates the tablespace.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rename_to` (String) DEPRECATED (see the [discussion](https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.postgresql/issues/820)). This option will be removed in version 5.0.0. To rename a tablespace, use the `community.postgresql.postgresql_query` module. New name of the tablespace. The new name cannot begin with pg_, as such names are reserved for system tablespaces.
- `session_role` (String) Switch to session_role after connecting. The specified session_role must be a role that the current login_user is a member of. Permissions checking for SQL commands is carried out as though the session_role were the one that had logged in originally.
- `set` (String) Dict of tablespace options to set. Supported from PostgreSQL 9.0. For more information see https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-createtablespace.html. When reset is passed as an option's value, if the option was set previously, it will be removed.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Tablespace state. *state=present* implies the tablespace must be created if it doesn't exist. *state=absent* implies the tablespace must be removed if present. *state=absent* is mutually exclusive with *location*, *owner*, i(set). See the Notes section for information about check mode restrictions.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trust_input` (Boolean) If `false`, check whether values of parameters *tablespace*, *location*, *owner*, *rename_to*, *session_role*, *settings_list* are potentially dangerous. It makes sense to use `false` only when SQL injections via the parameters are possible.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `newname` (String) New tablespace name.
- `options` (String) Tablespace options.
- `queries` (String) List of queries that was tried to be executed.
