---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_packet_volume_attachment Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_packet_volume_attachment (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `project_id` (String) UUID of the project to which the device and volume belong.
- `volume` (String) Selector for the volume. It can be a UUID, an API-generated volume name, or user-defined description string. Example values: `4a347482-b546-4f67-8300-fb5018ef0c5`, `volume-4a347482`, `my volume`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_token` (String) Packet API token. You can also supply it in environment variable `PACKET_API_TOKEN`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device` (String) Selector for the device. It can be a UUID of the device, or a hostname. Example values: 98a14f7a-3d27-4478-b7cf-35b5670523f3, "my device".
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicate desired state of the attachment.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `device_id` (String) UUID of device addressed by the module call.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `volume_id` (String) UUID of volume addressed by the module call.
