---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_xattr Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_xattr (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) The full path of the file/object to get the facts of.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `follow` (Boolean) If `true`, dereferences symlinks and sets/gets attributes on symlink target, otherwise acts on symlink itself.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key` (String) The name of a specific Extended attribute key to set/retrieve.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the named name/key.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Defines which state you want to do. `read` retrieves the current value for a `key`. `present` sets `path` to `value`, default if value is set. `all` dumps all data. `keys` retrieves all keys. `absent` deletes the key.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `value` (String) The value to set the named name/key to, it automatically sets the `state` to `present`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
