---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_omapi_host Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_omapi_host (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `key` (String) Sets the TSIG key content for authenticating against OMAPI server.
- `key_name` (String) Sets the TSIG key name for authenticating against OMAPI server.
- `macaddr` (String) Sets the lease host MAC address.
- `state` (String) Create or remove OMAPI host.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `ddns` (Boolean) Enable dynamic DNS updates for this host.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host` (String) Sets OMAPI server host to interact with.
- `hostname` (String) Sets the host lease hostname (mandatory if `state=present`).
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip` (String) Sets the lease host IP address.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) Sets the OMAPI server port to interact with.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `statements` (String) Attach a list of OMAPI DHCP statements with host lease (without ending semicolon).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `lease` (String) Dictionary containing host information.
