---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_spotinst_aws_elastigroup Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_spotinst_aws_elastigroup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `availability_vs_cost` (String) The strategy orientation. The choices available are: `availabilityOriented`, `costOriented`, `balanced`.
- `availability_zones` (String) A list of hash/dictionaries of Availability Zones that are configured in the elastigroup; '[{"key":"value", "key":"value"}]'; keys allowed are name (String), subnet_id (String), placement_group_name (String),.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `image_id` (String) The image ID used to launch the instance.; In case of conflict between Instance type and image type, an error is be returned.
- `max_size` (Number) The upper limit number of instances that you can scale up to.
- `min_size` (Number) The lower limit number of instances that you can scale down to.
- `name` (String) Unique name for elastigroup to be created, updated or deleted.
- `product` (String) Operation system type. Available choices are: `Linux/UNIX`, `SUSE Linux`, `Windows`, `Linux/UNIX (Amazon VPC`), `SUSE Linux (Amazon VPC`).
- `security_group_ids` (String) One or more security group IDs. In case of update it overrides the existing Security Group with the new given array.
- `spot_instance_types` (String) Spot instance type that is provisioned.
- `target` (Number) The number of instances to launch.

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) Optional parameter that allows to set an account-id inside the module configuration. By default this is retrieved from the credentials path.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `block_device_mappings` (String) A list of hash/dictionaries of Block Device Mappings for elastigroup instances; You can specify virtual devices and EBS volumes.; '[{"key":"value", "key":"value"}]'; keys allowed are device_name (List of Strings), virtual_name (String), no_device (String), ebs (Object, expects the following keys- delete_on_termination(Boolean), encrypted(Boolean), iops (Integer), snapshot_id(Integer), volume_type(String), volume_size(Integer)).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chef` (String) The Chef integration configuration.; Expects the following keys - chef_server (String), organization (String), user (String), pem_key (String), chef_version (String).
- `credentials_path` (String) Optional parameter that allows to set a non-default credentials path.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `do_not_update` (String) TODO document.
- `down_scaling_policies` (String) A list of hash/dictionaries of scaling policies to configure in the elastigroup; '[{"key":"value", "key":"value"}]'; keys allowed are - policy_name (String, required), namespace (String, required), metric_name (String, required), dimensions ((List of Objects), Keys allowed are name (String, required) and value (String)), statistic (String, required), evaluation_periods (String, required), period (String, required), threshold (String, required), cooldown (String, required), unit (String, required), operator (String, required), action_type (String, required), adjustment (String), max_target_capacity (String), target (String), maximum (String), minimum (String).
- `draining_timeout` (Number) Time for instance to be drained from incoming requests and deregistered from ELB before termination.
- `ebs_optimized` (Boolean) Enable EBS optimization for supported instances which are not enabled by default. Note - additional charges are applied.
- `ebs_volume_pool` (String) A list of hash/dictionaries of EBS devices to reattach to the elastigroup when available; '[{"key":"value", "key":"value"}]'; keys allowed are - volume_ids (List of Strings), device_name (String).
- `ecs` (String) The ECS integration configuration.; Expects the following key - cluster_name (String).
- `elastic_beanstalk` (String) Placeholder parameter for future implementation of Elastic Beanstalk configurations.
- `elastic_ips` (String) List of ElasticIps Allocation IDs (example `eipalloc-9d4e16f8`) to associate to the group instances.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fallback_to_od` (Boolean) In case of no spots available, Elastigroup launches an On-demand instance instead.
- `health_check_grace_period` (Number) The amount of time, in seconds, after the instance has launched to start and check its health. If not specified, it defaults to `300`.
- `health_check_type` (String) The service to use for the health check. The choices available are: `ELB`, `HCS`, `TARGET_GROUP`, `MLB`, `EC2`.
- `health_check_unhealthy_duration_before_replacement` (Number) Minimal mount of time instance should be unhealthy for us to consider it unhealthy.
- `iam_role_arn` (String) The instance profile iamRole arn. Only use `iam_role_arn` or `iam_role_name`.
- `iam_role_name` (String) The instance profile iamRole name. Only use `iam_role_arn` or `iam_role_name`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key_pair` (String) Specify a Key Pair to attach to the instances.
- `kubernetes` (String) The Kubernetes integration configuration. Expects the following keys - api_server (String), token (String).
- `lifetime_period` (Number) Lifetime period.
- `load_balancers` (String) List of classic ELB names.
- `mesosphere` (String) The Mesosphere integration configuration. Expects the following key - api_server (String).
- `monitoring` (String) Describes whether instance Enhanced Monitoring is enabled.
- `multai_load_balancers` (String) Configuration parameters for Multai load balancers.
- `multai_token` (String) Token used for Multai configuration.
- `network_interfaces` (String) A list of hash/dictionaries of network interfaces to add to the elastigroup; '[{"key":"value", "key":"value"}]'; keys allowed are - description (String), device_index (Integer), secondary_private_ip_address_count (Integer), associate_public_ip_address (Boolean), delete_on_termination (Boolean), groups (List of Strings), network_interface_id (String), private_ip_address (String), subnet_id (String), associate_ipv6_address (Boolean), private_ip_addresses (List of Objects, Keys are privateIpAddress (String, required) and primary (Boolean)).
- `on_demand_count` (Number) Required if risk is not set. Number of on demand instances to launch. All other instances are spot instances.; Either set this parameter or the `risk` parameter.
- `on_demand_instance_type` (String) On-demand instance type that is provisioned.
- `opsworks` (String) The elastigroup OpsWorks integration configuration.; Expects the following key - layer_id (String).
- `persistence` (String) The Stateful elastigroup configuration.; Accepts the following keys - should_persist_root_device (Boolean), should_persist_block_devices (Boolean), should_persist_private_ip (Boolean).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rancher` (String) The Rancher integration configuration.; Expects the following keys - version (String), access_key (String), secret_key (String), master_host (String).
- `right_scale` (String) The Rightscale integration configuration.; Expects the following keys - account_id (String), refresh_token (String).
- `risk` (Number) Required if on demand is not set. The percentage of Spot instances to launch (0 - 100).
- `roll_config` (String) Roll configuration. If you would like the group to roll after updating, please use this feature. Accepts the following keys - batch_size_percentage(Integer, Required), grace_period - (Integer, Required), health_check_type(String, Optional).
- `scheduled_tasks` (String) A list of hash/dictionaries of scheduled tasks to configure in the elastigroup, as in `[{"key":"value", "key":"value"}]`. Keys allowed are: adjustment (Integer), scale_target_capacity (Integer), scale_min_capacity (Integer), scale_max_capacity (Integer), adjustment_percentage (Integer), batch_size_percentage (Integer), cron_expression (String), frequency (String), grace_period (Integer), task_type (String, required), is_enabled (Boolean).
- `shutdown_script` (String) The Base64-encoded shutdown script that executes prior to instance termination. Encode before setting.
- `signals` (String) A list of hash/dictionaries of signals to configure in the elastigroup; keys allowed are - name (String, required), timeout (Integer).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `spin_up_time` (Number) Spin up time, in seconds, for the instance.
- `state` (String) Create or delete the elastigroup.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_group_arns` (String) List of target group arns instances should be registered to.
- `target_tracking_policies` (String) A list of hash/dictionaries of target tracking policies to configure in the elastigroup; '[{"key":"value", "key":"value"}]'; keys allowed are - policy_name (String, required), namespace (String, required), source (String, required), metric_name (String, required), statistic (String, required), unit (String, required), cooldown (String, required), target (String, required).
- `tenancy` (String) Dedicated or shared tenancy. The available choices are: `default`, `dedicated`.
- `terminate_at_end_of_billing_hour` (Boolean) Terminate at the end of billing hour.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) A Personal API Access Token issued by Spotinst. When not specified, the module tries to obtain it, in that order, from environment variable `SPOTINST_TOKEN`, or from the credentials path.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uniqueness_by` (String) If your group names are not unique, you may use this feature to update or delete a specific group. Whenever this property is set, you must set a group_id in order to update or delete a group, otherwise a group is created.
- `unit` (String) The capacity unit to launch instances by. The available choices are: `instance`, `weight`.
- `up_scaling_policies` (String) A list of hash/dictionaries of scaling policies to configure in the elastigroup; '[{"key":"value", "key":"value"}]'; keys allowed are - policy_name (String, required), namespace (String, required), metric_name (String, required), dimensions (List of Objects, Keys allowed are name (String, required) and value (String)), statistic (String, required) evaluation_periods (String, required), period (String, required), threshold (String, required), cooldown (String, required), unit (String, required), operator (String, required), action_type (String, required), adjustment (String), min_target_capacity (String), target (String), maximum (String), minimum (String).
- `user_data` (String) Base64-encoded MIME user data. Encode before setting the value.
- `utilize_reserved_instances` (Boolean) In case of any available Reserved Instances, Elastigroup utilizes your reservations before purchasing Spot instances.
- `wait_for_instances` (Boolean) Whether or not the elastigroup creation / update actions should wait for the instances to spin.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long the module should wait for instances before failing the action. Only works if `wait_for_instances=true`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `group_id` (String) Created / Updated group's ID.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `instances` (String) List of active elastigroup instances and their details.
