---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vcenter_extension Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vcenter_extension (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `extension_key` (String) The extension key of the extension to install or uninstall.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `version` (String) The version of the extension you are installing or uninstalling.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client_type` (String) Required for `state=present`. Type of client the extension is (win32, .net, linux, etc.).
- `company` (String) Required for `state=present`. The name of the company that makes the extension.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Required for `state=present`. A short description of the extension.
- `email` (String) Required for `state=present`. Administrator email to use for extension.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Required for `state=present`. The name of the extension you are installing.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `server_type` (String) Required for `state=present`. Type of server being used to install the extension (SOAP, REST, HTTP, etc.).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssl_thumbprint` (String) Required for `state=present`. SSL thumbprint of the extension hosting server.
- `state` (String) Add or remove vCenter Extension.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) Required for `state=present`. Link to server hosting extension zip file to install.
- `visible` (Boolean) Show the extension in solution manager inside vCenter.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) information about performed operation
