---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_sssd_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_sssd_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action` (String) The action to perform.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) Domain name to check. Required unless `action=domain_list`. When `action=domain_list`, this parameter is ignored and the module returns a list of all configured domains.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `server_type` (String) Required parameter when `action=active_servers` and `action=list_servers`. Optional and ignored for all other actions. At this point, the module supports ONLY the types `IPA` for FreeIPA servers and `AD`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `domain_list` (String) List of SSSD domains.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `list_servers` (String) List of servers for the specified domain.
- `online` (String) The online status of the SSSD domain.
- `servers` (String) Active servers for the specified domain and type.
