---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_interfaces_file Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_interfaces_file (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `address_family` (String) Address family of the interface, useful if same interface name is used for both `inet` and `inet6`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file including the timestamp information so you can get the original file back if you somehow clobbered it incorrectly.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dest` (String) Path to the interfaces file.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `iface` (String) Name of the interface, required for value changes or option remove.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `option` (String) Name of the option, required for value changes or option remove.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If set to `absent` the option or section is removed if present instead of created.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `value` (String) If `option` is not presented for the `iface` and `state` is `present`, then `option` is added. If `option` already exists and is not `pre-up`, `up`, `post-up` or `down`, its value is updated. `pre-up`, `up`, `post-up` and `down` options cannot be updated, only adding new options, removing existing ones or cleaning the whole option set are supported.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `ifaces` (String) Interfaces dictionary.
