---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_wafv2_rule_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_wafv2_rule_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the rule group.
- `scope` (String) Scope of wafv2 rule group.
- `state` (String) Whether the rule is present or absent.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `capacity` (Number) capacity of wafv2 rule group.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cloudwatch_metrics` (Boolean) Enable cloudwatch metric for wafv2 rule group
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of wafv2 rule group.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `metric_name` (String) Name of cloudwatch metrics. If not given and cloudwatch_metrics is enabled, the name of the rule group itself will be taken.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_rules` (Boolean) When set to `no`, keep the existing load balancer rules in place. Will modify and add, but will not delete.
- `rules` (String) The Rule statements used to identify the web requests that you want to allow, block, or count.
- `sampled_requests` (Boolean) Sampled requests, true or false.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `arn` (String) Rule group arn
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `visibility_config` (String) Visibility config of the rule group
