---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_ses_identity Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_ses_identity (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `identity` (String) This is the email address or domain to verify / delete. If this contains an '@' then it will be considered an email. Otherwise it will be considered a domain.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bounce_notifications` (String) Setup the SNS topic used to report bounce notifications. If omitted, bounce notifications will not be delivered to a SNS topic. If bounce notifications are not delivered to a SNS topic, *feedback_forwarding* must be enabled.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `complaint_notifications` (String) Setup the SNS topic used to report complaint notifications. If omitted, complaint notifications will not be delivered to a SNS topic. If complaint notifications are not delivered to a SNS topic, *feedback_forwarding* must be enabled.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delivery_notifications` (String) Setup the SNS topic used to report delivery notifications. If omitted, delivery notifications will not be delivered to a SNS topic.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `feedback_forwarding` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable feedback forwarding. This can only be false if both *bounce_notifications* and *complaint_notifications* specify SNS topics.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether to create(or update) or delete the identity.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `identity_arn` (String) The arn of the identity being modified.
- `notification_attributes` (String) The notification setup for the identity.
- `verification_attributes` (String) The verification information for the identity.
