---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_mongodb_mongodb_balancer Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_mongodb_mongodb_balancer (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `autosplit` (Boolean) Disable or enable the autosplit flag in the config.settings collection. From MongoDB 6.1 automatic chunk splitting is not performed so this parameter is not valid in this and later versions. See more see [enableAutoSplit](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/method/sh.enableAutoSplit/). This parameter is deprecated and will be removed in a future release.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chunksize` (Number) Control the size of chunks in the sharded cluster. Value should be given in MB.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mongos_process` (String) Provide a custom name for the mongos process. Most users can ignore this setting.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Manage the Balancer for the Cluster
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `window` (String) Schedule the balancer window. Provide the following dictionary keys start, stop, state The state key should be "present" or "absent". The start and stop keys are ignored when state is "absent". start and stop should be strings in "HH:MM" format indicating the time bounds of the window.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `failed` (Boolean) If something went wrong
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) A short description of what happened.
- `new_autosplit` (String) The new state of autosplit.
- `new_balancer_state` (String) The new state of the balancer.
- `new_chunksize` (Number) The new value for chunksize.
- `old_autosplit` (String) The previous state of autosplit.
- `old_balancer_state` (String) The previous state of the balancer
- `old_chunksize` (Number) The previous value for chunksize.
