---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_irc Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_irc (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `msg` (String) The message body.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `channel` (String) Channel name. One of `nick_to` or `channel` needs to be set. When both are set, the message is sent to both of them.
- `color` (String) Text color for the message.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key` (String) Channel key.
- `nick` (String) Nickname to send the message from. May be shortened, depending on server's NICKLEN setting.
- `nick_to` (String) A list of nicknames to send the message to. One of `nick_to` or `channel` needs to be set. When both are defined, the message is sent to both of them.
- `part` (Boolean) Designates whether user should part from channel after sending message or not. Useful for when using a mock bot and not wanting join/parts between messages.
- `passwd` (String) Server password.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) IRC server port number.
- `server` (String) IRC server name/address.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `style` (String) Text style for the message. Note italic does not work on some clients.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `topic` (String) Set the channel topic.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_tls` (Boolean) Designates whether TLS/SSL should be used when connecting to the IRC server. `use_tls` is available since community.general 8.1.0, before the option was exclusively called `use_ssl`. The latter is now an alias of `use_tls`. **Note:** for security reasons, you should always set `use_tls=true` and `validate_certs=true` whenever possible. The default of this option changed to `true` in community.general 10.0.0.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If set to `false`, the SSL certificates are not validated. This should always be set to `true`. Using `false` is unsafe and should only be done if the network between between Ansible and the IRC server is known to be safe. **Note:** for security reasons, you should always set `use_tls=true` and `validate_certs=true` whenever possible. The default of this option changed to `true` in community.general 10.0.0.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
