---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_rundeck_job_run Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_rundeck_job_run (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `job_id` (String) The job unique ID.

### Optional

- `abort_on_timeout` (Boolean) Send a job abort request if exceeded the `wait_execution_timeout` specified.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filter_nodes` (String) Filter the nodes where the jobs must run. See https://docs.rundeck.com/docs/manual/11-node-filters.html#node-filter-syntax.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `job_options` (String) The job options for the steps. Numeric values must be quoted.
- `loglevel` (String) Log level configuration.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `run_at_time` (String) Schedule the job execution to run at specific date and time. ISO-8601 date and time format like `2021-10-05T15:45:00-03:00`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait_execution` (Boolean) Wait until the job finished the execution.
- `wait_execution_delay` (Number) Delay, in seconds, between job execution status check requests.
- `wait_execution_timeout` (Number) Job execution wait timeout in seconds. If the timeout is reached, the job is aborted. Keep in mind that there is a sleep based on `wait_execution_delay` after each job status check.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `execution_info` (String) Rundeck job execution metadata.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
