---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_batch_job_definition Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_batch_job_definition (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `image` (String) The image used to start a container. This string is passed directly to the Docker daemon. Images in the Docker Hub registry are available by default. Other repositories are specified with `repository-url/image-name:tag`. Up to 255 letters (uppercase and lowercase), numbers, hyphens, underscores, colons, periods, forward slashes, and number signs are allowed. This parameter maps to Image in the Create a container section of the Docker Remote API and the IMAGE parameter of docker run.
- `job_definition_name` (String) The name for the job definition.
- `memory` (Number) The hard limit (in MiB) of memory to present to the container. If your container attempts to exceed the memory specified here, the container is killed. This parameter maps to Memory in the Create a container section of the Docker Remote API and the --memory option to docker run.
- `type` (String) The type of job definition.
- `vcpus` (Number) The number of vCPUs reserved for the container. This parameter maps to CpuShares in the Create a container section of the Docker Remote API and the --cpu-shares option to docker run. Each vCPU is equivalent to 1,024 CPU shares.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attempts` (Number) Retry strategy - The number of times to move a job to the RUNNABLE status. You may specify between 1 and 10 attempts. If attempts is greater than one, the job is retried if it fails until it has moved to RUNNABLE that many times.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `command` (String) The command that is passed to the container. This parameter maps to Cmd in the Create a container section of the Docker Remote API and the COMMAND parameter to docker run. For more information, see https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#cmd.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `job_definition_arn` (String) The ARN for the job definition.
- `job_role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role that the container can assume for AWS permissions.
- `mount_points` (String) The mount points for data volumes in your container. This parameter maps to Volumes in the Create a container section of the Docker Remote API and the --volume option to docker run.
- `parameters` (String) Default parameter substitution placeholders to set in the job definition. Parameters are specified as a key-value pair mapping. Parameters in a SubmitJob request override any corresponding parameter defaults from the job definition.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `privileged` (String) When this parameter is true, the container is given elevated privileges on the host container instance (similar to the root user). This parameter maps to Privileged in the Create a container section of the Docker Remote API and the --privileged option to docker run.
- `readonly_root_filesystem` (String) When this parameter is true, the container is given read-only access to its root file system. This parameter maps to ReadonlyRootfs in the Create a container section of the Docker Remote API and the --read-only option to docker run.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Describes the desired state.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `ulimits` (String) A list of ulimits to set in the container. This parameter maps to Ulimits in the Create a container section of the Docker Remote API and the --ulimit option to docker run.
- `user` (String) The user name to use inside the container. This parameter maps to User in the Create a container section of the Docker Remote API and the --user option to docker run.
- `volumes` (String) A list of data volumes used in a job.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `output` (String) returns what action was taken, whether something was changed, invocation and response
