---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_waf_web_acl Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_waf_web_acl (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the Web Application Firewall ACL to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `default_action` (String) The action that you want AWS WAF to take when a request doesn't match the criteria specified in any of the Rule objects that are associated with the WebACL.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `metric_name` (String) A friendly name or description for the metrics for this WebACL. The name can contain only alphanumeric characters (A-Z, a-z, 0-9); the name can't contain whitespace. You can't change *metric_name* after you create the WebACL. Metric name will default to *name* with disallowed characters stripped out.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_rules` (Boolean) Whether to remove rules that aren't passed with *rules*.
- `rules` (String) A list of rules that the Web ACL will enforce.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the Web ACL should be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `waf_regional` (Boolean) Whether to use `waf-regional` module.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `web_acl` (String) contents of the Web ACL.
