---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_okd_openshift_adm_prune_auth Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_okd_openshift_adm_prune_auth (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `resource` (String) The specified resource to remove.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `label_selectors` (String) Selector (label query) to filter on. Mutually exclusive with option *name*.
- `name` (String) Use to specify an object name to remove. Mutually exclusive with option *label_selectors*. If neither *name* nor *label_selectors* are specified, prune all resources in the namespace.
- `namespace` (String) Use to specify an object namespace. Ignored when *resource* is set to `clusterroles`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `authorization` (String) list of OAuthClientAuthorization deleted.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cluster_role_binding` (String) list of cluster role binding deleted.
- `group` (String) list of Security Context Constraints deleted.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `role_binding` (String) list of role binding deleted.
- `security_context_constraints` (String) list of Security Context Constraints deleted.
