---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_publication Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_publication (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the publication to add, update, or remove.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cascade` (Boolean) Drop publication dependencies. Has effect with *state=absent* only.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `columns` (String) List of tables and its columns to add to the publication. If no columns are passed for table, it will be published as a whole. Mutually exclusive with *tables* and *tables_in_schema*.
- `comment` (String) Sets a comment on the publication. To reset the comment, pass an empty string.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `login_db` (String) Name of the database to connect to and where the publication state will be changed. The `db` alias is deprecated and will be removed in version 5.0.0.
- `owner` (String) Publication owner. If *owner* is not defined, the owner will be set as *login_user* or *session_role*.
- `parameters` (String) Dictionary with optional publication parameters. Available parameters depend on PostgreSQL version.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rowfilters` (String) Optional dictionary of row filters to apply to *tables* or *columns* of the publication. Mutually exclusive with *tables_in_schema*.
- `session_role` (String) Switch to session_role after connecting. The specified session_role must be a role that the current login_user is a member of. Permissions checking for SQL commands is carried out as though the session_role were the one that had logged in originally.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The publication state.
- `tables` (String) List of tables to add to the publication. If no value is set all tables are targeted. If the publication already exists for specific tables and *tables* is not passed, nothing will be changed. If you need to add all tables to the publication with the same name, drop existent and create new without passing *tables*. Mutually exclusive with *tables_in_schema* and *columns*.
- `tables_in_schema` (String) Specifies a list of schemas to add to the publication to replicate changes for all tables in those schemas. If you want to remove all schemas, explicitly pass an empty list `[]`. Supported since PostgreSQL 15. Mutually exclusive with *tables* and *columns*.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trust_input` (Boolean) If `false`, check whether values of parameters *name*, *tables*, *owner*, *session_role*, *params* are potentially dangerous. It makes sense to use `false` only when SQL injections via the parameters are possible.

### Read-Only

- `alltables` (Boolean) Flag indicates that all tables are published.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `exists` (Boolean) Flag indicates the publication exists or not at the end of runtime.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `queries` (String) List of executed queries.
