---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_x509_crl_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_x509_crl_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content` (String) Content of the X.509 CRL in PEM format, or Base64-encoded X.509 CRL. Either `path` or `content` must be specified, but not both.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `list_revoked_certificates` (Boolean) If set to `false`, the list of revoked certificates is not included in the result. This is useful when retrieving information on large CRL files. Enumerating all revoked certificates can take some time, including serializing the result as JSON, sending it to the Ansible controller, and decoding it again.
- `path` (String) Remote absolute path where the generated CRL file should be created or is already located. Either `path` or `content` must be specified, but not both.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `digest` (String) The signature algorithm used to sign the CRL.
- `format` (String) Whether the CRL is in PEM format (`pem`) or in DER format (`der`).
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `issuer` (String) The CRL's issuer. Note that for repeated values, only the last one will be returned. See `name_encoding` for how IDNs are handled.
- `issuer_ordered` (String) The CRL's issuer as an ordered list of tuples.
- `last_update` (String) The point in time from which this CRL can be trusted as ASN.1 TIME.
- `next_update` (String) The point in time from which a new CRL will be issued and the client has to check for it as ASN.1 TIME. Will be `none` if no such timestamp is present.
- `revoked_certificates` (String) List of certificates to be revoked.
