---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_libvirt_virt_volume Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_libvirt_virt_volume (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `pool` (String) Name of the storage pool, where the volume is located.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clone_source` (String) Name of the volume to clone from. Optionally provided with `state` `present` or `command` `create`.
- `cloudinit_config` (String) Ansible dict of cloud-init data to create a CIDATA CDROM. The data should contain the keys `METADATA`, `USERDATA`, and/or `NETWORK_CONFIG`. This is required if `command` is `create_cidata_cdrom`.
- `command` (String) `create` - Analagous to `state` / `present` `delete` - Analagous to `state` / `absent` `wipe` - Performs a wipe *only* of the volume specified by `name` - *does not delete* the volume. `list_volumes` - Lists all volumes in the storage pool. `get_xml` - Retrieves the XML of the volume specified by `name`. `create_cidata_cdrom` - Creates a CIDATA CDROM with the provided `cloudinit_config` data. Enables bootstrapping of cloud-init enabled VMs. Mutually exclusive with `state`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Name of the volume being managed. Note that the volume must be previously defined with xml.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If `present`, Creates a new volume with the XML provided, optionally cloning from the image in `clone_source`. The name of the volume is specified in the XML (if a `name` parameter is provided, it is ignored). `xml` must be provided. If `absent`, Deletes the volume specified by `name` from the storage pool.  If `wipe` is set to `true`, the volume will be wiped before deletion. Mutually exclusive with `command`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wipe` (Boolean) Whether to wipe the volume before deleting it.
- `xml` (String) XML definition of the volume to be created. This is required if `command` is `create`

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
