---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_sns_topic Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_sns_topic (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name or ARN of the SNS topic to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content_based_deduplication` (String) Whether to enable content-based deduplication for this topic. Ignored unless *topic_type=fifo*. Defaults to `disabled`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delivery_policy` (String) Delivery policy to apply to the SNS topic.
- `display_name` (String) Display name of the topic.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `policy` (String) Policy to apply to the SNS topic. Policy body can be YAML or JSON. This is required for certain use cases for example with S3 bucket notifications.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_subscriptions` (Boolean) Whether to purge any subscriptions not listed here. NOTE: AWS does not allow you to purge any PendingConfirmation subscriptions, so if any exist and would be purged, they are silently skipped. This means that somebody could come back later and confirm the subscription. Sorry. Blame Amazon.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether to create or destroy an SNS topic.
- `subscriptions` (String) List of subscriptions to apply to the topic. Note that AWS requires subscriptions to be confirmed, so you will need to confirm any new subscriptions.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `topic_type` (String) The type of topic that should be created. Either Standard for FIFO (first-in, first-out). Some regions, including GovCloud regions do not support FIFO topics. Use a default value of  'standard' or omit the option if the region does not support FIFO topics.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `sns_arn` (String) The ARN of the topic you are modifying
- `sns_topic` (String) Dict of sns topic details
