---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_portage Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_portage (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backtrack` (Number) Set backtrack value (`--backtrack`).
- `changed_deps` (Boolean) Tells emerge to replace installed packages for which the ebuild dependencies have changed since the packages were built (`--changed-deps`).
- `changed_use` (Boolean) Include installed packages where USE flags have changed, except when. Flags that the user has not enabled are added or removed. (`--changed-use`).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `deep` (Boolean) Consider the entire dependency tree of packages (`--deep`).
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `depclean` (Boolean) Remove packages not needed by explicitly merged packages (`--depclean`). If no package is specified, clean up the world's dependencies. Otherwise, `--depclean` serves as a dependency aware version of `--unmerge`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `getbinpkg` (Boolean) Prefer packages specified at `PORTAGE_BINHOST` in `make.conf`.
- `getbinpkgonly` (Boolean) Merge only packages specified at `PORTAGE_BINHOST` in `make.conf`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `jobs` (Number) Specifies the number of packages to build simultaneously. Since version 2.6: Value of `0` or `false` resets any previously added `--jobs` setting values.
- `keepgoing` (Boolean) Continue as much as possible after an error.
- `loadavg` (Number) Specifies that no new builds should be started if there are other builds running and the load average is at least LOAD. Since version 2.6: Value of 0 or False resets any previously added `--load-average` setting values.
- `newuse` (Boolean) Include installed packages where USE flags have changed (`--newuse`).
- `nodeps` (Boolean) Only merge packages but not their dependencies (`--nodeps`).
- `noreplace` (Boolean) Do not re-emerge installed packages (`--noreplace`).
- `oneshot` (Boolean) Do not add the packages to the world file (`--oneshot`).
- `onlydeps` (Boolean) Only merge packages' dependencies but not the packages (`--onlydeps`).
- `package` (String) Package atom or set, for example `sys-apps/foo` or `>foo-2.13` or `@world`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `quiet` (Boolean) Run emerge in quiet mode (`--quiet`).
- `quietbuild` (Boolean) Redirect all build output to logs alone, and do not display it on stdout (`--quiet-build`).
- `quietfail` (Boolean) Suppresses display of the build log on stdout (--quiet-fail). Only the die message and the path of the build log are displayed on stdout.
- `select` (Boolean) If set to `true`, explicitely add the package to the world file. Please note that this option is not used for idempotency, it is only used when actually installing a package.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the package atom.
- `sync` (String) Sync package repositories first. If `yes`, perform `emerge --sync`. If `web`, perform `emerge-webrsync`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update` (Boolean) Update packages to the best version available (`--update`).
- `usepkg` (Boolean) Tries to use the binary package(s) in the locally available packages directory.
- `usepkgonly` (Boolean) Merge only binaries (no compiling).
- `verbose` (Boolean) Run emerge in verbose mode (`--verbose`).
- `withbdeps` (Boolean) Specifies that build time dependencies should be installed.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
