---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_docker_docker_container_copy_into Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_docker_docker_container_copy_into (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `container` (String) The name of the container to copy files to.
- `container_path` (String) Path to a file inside the Docker container. Must be an absolute path.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content` (String) The file's content. If you plan to provide binary data, provide it pre-encoded to base64, and set `content_is_b64=true`. Mutually exclusive with `path`. One of `content` and `path` is required.
- `content_is_b64` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the content in `content` is assumed to be Base64 encoded and will be decoded before being used. To use binary `content`, it is better to keep it Base64 encoded and let it be decoded by this option. Otherwise you risk the data to be interpreted as UTF-8 and corrupted.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `follow` (Boolean) This flag indicates that filesystem links in the Docker container, if they exist, should be followed.
- `force` (Boolean) If set to `true`, force writing the file (without performing any idempotency checks). If set to `false`, only write the file if it does not exist on the target. If a filesystem object exists at the destination, the module will not do any change. If this option is not specified, the module will be idempotent. To verify idempotency, it will try to get information on the filesystem object in the container, and if everything seems to match will download the file from the container to compare it to the file to upload.
- `group_id` (Number) The group ID to use when writing the file to disk. If provided, `owner_id` must also be provided. If not provided, the module will try to determine the user and group ID for the current user in the container. This will only work if `/bin/sh` is present in the container and the `id` binary or shell builtin is available. Also the container must be running.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `local_follow` (Boolean) This flag indicates that filesystem links in the source tree (where the module is executed), if they exist, should be followed.
- `mode` (String) The file mode to use when writing the file to disk. Will use the file's mode from the source system if this option is not provided. This option is parsed depending on how `mode_parse` is set.
- `mode_parse` (String) Determines how to parse the `mode` parameter.
- `owner_id` (Number) The owner ID to use when writing the file to disk. If provided, `group_id` must also be provided. If not provided, the module will try to determine the user and group ID for the current user in the container. This will only work if `/bin/sh` is present in the container and the `id` binary or shell builtin is available. Also the container must be running.
- `path` (String) Path to a file on the managed node. Mutually exclusive with `content`. One of `content` and `path` is required.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
