---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_gandi_livedns Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_gandi_livedns (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain` (String) The name of the Domain to work with (for example, `example.com`).
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `record` (String) Record to add.
- `type` (String) The type of DNS record to create.

### Optional

- `api_key` (String) Account API token. Note that these type of keys are deprecated and might stop working at some point. Use personal access tokens instead. One of `personal_access_token` and `api_key` must be specified.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `personal_access_token` (String) Scoped API token. One of `personal_access_token` and `api_key` must be specified.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the record(s) should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `ttl` (Number) The TTL to give the new record. Required when `state=present`.
- `values` (String) The record values. Required when `state=present`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
