---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_libvirt_virt_net Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_libvirt_virt_net (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `autostart` (Boolean) Specify if a given network should be started automatically on system boot.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `command` (String) In addition to state management, various non-idempotent commands are available. See examples. Modify was added in Ansible version 2.1.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Name of the network being managed. Note that network must be previously defined with xml.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specify which state you want a network to be in. If 'active', network will be started. If 'present', ensure that network is present but do not change its state; if it is missing, you need to specify xml argument. If 'inactive', network will be stopped. If 'undefined' or 'absent', network will be removed from *libvirt* configuration.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
