---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_datastore Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_datastore (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the datastore.
- `storage_io_control` (String) Specify datastore typ.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `congestion_threshold_manual` (Number) Storage I/O congestion threshold in ms. Only use `congestion_threshold_percentage` or `congestion_threshold_manual`. Only valid when `storage_io_control=enable_io_statistics`.
- `congestion_threshold_percentage` (Number) Storage I/O congestion threshold in percentage of peak throughput. A value between 50% and 100%. Recommended: 90% Only use `congestion_threshold_percentage` or `congestion_threshold_manual`. Only valid when `storage_io_control=enable_io_statistics`.
- `datacenter` (String) Datacenter to search for the datastores.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `statistic_collection` (Boolean) Include I/O statistics for SDRS. Only valid when `storage_io_control=enable_io_statistics` or `storage_io_control=enable_statistics`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) Information about datastore operation.
