---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_acme_certificate_order_finalize Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_acme_certificate_order_finalize (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `order_uri` (String) The order URI provided by R`community.crypto.acme_certificate_order_create#module:order_uri`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cert_dest` (String) The destination file for the certificate.
- `chain_dest` (String) If specified, the intermediate certificate will be written to this file.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `deactivate_authzs` (String) Deactivate authentication objects (authz) after issuing a certificate, or when issuing the certificate failed. `never` never deactivates them. `always` always deactivates them in cases of errors or when the certificate was issued. `on_error` only deactivates them in case of errors. `on_success` only deactivates them in case the certificate was successfully issued. Authentication objects are bound to an account key and remain valid for a certain amount of time, and can be used to issue certificates without having to re-authenticate the domain. This can be a security concern.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fullchain_dest` (String) The destination file for the full chain (that is, a certificate followed by chain of intermediate certificates).
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `retrieve_all_alternates` (Boolean) When set to `true`, will retrieve all alternate trust chains offered by the ACME CA. These will not be written to disk, but will be returned together with the main chain as R`all_chains`. See the documentation for the R`all_chains` return value for details.
- `select_chain` (String) Allows to specify criteria by which an (alternate) trust chain can be selected. The list of criteria will be processed one by one until a chain is found matching a criterium. If such a chain is found, it will be used by the module instead of the default chain. If a criterium matches multiple chains, the first one matching will be returned. The order is determined by the ordering of the `Link` headers returned by the ACME server and might not be deterministic. Every criterium can consist of multiple different conditions, like `select_chain[].issuer` and `select_chain[].subject`. For the criterium to match a chain, all conditions must apply to the same certificate in the chain. This option can only be used with the `cryptography` backend.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `account_uri` (String) ACME account URI.
- `all_chains` (String) When `retrieve_all_alternates=true`, the module will query the ACME server for alternate chains. This return value will contain a list of all chains returned, the first entry being the main chain returned by the server. See [Section 7.4.2 of RFC8555](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8555#section-7.4.2) for details.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `selected_chain` (String) The selected certificate chain. If `select_chain` is not specified, this will be the main chain returned by the ACME server.
