---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_pssession_configuration Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_pssession_configuration (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the session configuration to manage.

### Optional

- `access_mode` (String) Controls whether the session configuration allows connection from the `local` machine only, both local and `remote`, or none (`disabled`).
- `alias_definitions` (String) A dict that defines aliases for each session.
- `assemblies_to_load` (String) The assemblies that should be loaded into each session.
- `async_poll` (Number) Sets a delay in seconds between each check of the asynchronous execution status. Replicates the functionality of the `poll` keyword. Has no effect in check mode. *async_poll=0* is not supported.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `async_timeout` (Number) Sets a timeout for how long in seconds to wait for asynchronous module execution and waiting for the connection to recover. Replicates the functionality of the `async` keyword. Has no effect in check mode.
- `author` (String) The author of the session configuration. This value is metadata and does not affect the functionality of the session configuration. If not set, a value may be generated automatically. See also *lenient_config_fields*.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `company_name` (String) The company that authored the session configuration. This value is metadata and does not affect the functionality of the session configuration. If not set, a value may be generated automatically. See also *lenient_config_fields*.
- `copyright` (String) The copyright statement of the session configuration. This value is metadata and does not affect the functionality of the session configuration. If not set, a value may be generated automatically. See also *lenient_config_fields*.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the session configuration. This value is metadata and does not affect the functionality of the session configuration. See also *lenient_config_fields*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `environment_variables` (String) A dict that defines environment variables for each session.
- `execution_policy` (String) The execution policy controlling script execution in the PowerShell session.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `formats_to_process` (String) Paths to format definition files to process for each session.
- `function_definitions` (String) A dict that defines functions for each session.
- `group_managed_service_account` (String) If the session will run as a group managed service account (gMSA) then this is the name. Do not use *run_as_credential_username* and *run_as_credential_password* to specify a gMSA.
- `guid` (String) The GUID (UUID) of the session configuration file. This value is metadata, so it only matters if you use it externally. If not set, a value will be generated automatically. Acceptable GUID formats are flexible. Any string of 32 hexadecimal digits will be accepted, with all hyphens `-` and opening/closing `{}` ignored. See also *lenient_config_fields*.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `language_mode` (String) Determines the language mode of the PowerShell session.
- `lenient_config_fields` (String) Some fields used in the session configuration do not affect its function, and are sometimes auto-generated when not specified. To avoid unnecessarily changing the configuration on each run, the values of these options will only be enforced when they are explicitly specified.
- `maximum_received_data_size_per_command_mb` (String) Sets the maximum received data size per command in MB. Must fit into a double precision floating point value.
- `maximum_received_object_size_mb` (String) Sets the maximum object size in MB. Must fit into a double precision floating point value.
- `modules_to_import` (String) A list of modules that should be imported into the session. Any valid PowerShell module spec can be used here, so simple str names or dicts can be used. If a dict is used, no snake_case conversion is done, so the original PowerShell names must be used.
- `mount_user_drive` (Boolean) If `yes` the session creates and mounts a user-specific PSDrive for use with file transfers.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `powershell_version` (String) The minimum required PowerShell version for this session. Must be a valid .Net System.Version string.
- `processor_architecure` (String) The processor architecture of the session (32 bit vs. 64 bit).
- `required_groups` (String) For JEA sessions, defines conditional access rules about which groups a connecting user must belong to. For more information see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/learn/remoting/jea/session-configurations#conditional-access-rules.
- `role_definitions` (String) A dict defining the roles for JEA sessions. For more information see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/learn/remoting/jea/session-configurations#role-definitions.
- `run_as_credential_password` (String) The password for *run_as_credential_username*.
- `run_as_credential_username` (String) Used to set a RunAs account for the session. All commands executed in the session will be run as this user. To use a gMSA, see *group_managed_service_account*. To use a virtual account, see *run_as_virtual_account* and *run_as_virtual_account_groups*. Status will always be `changed` when a RunAs credential is set because the password cannot be retrieved for comparison.
- `run_as_virtual_account` (Boolean) If `yes` the session runs as a virtual account. Do not use *run_as_credential_username* and *run_as_credential_password* to specify a virtual account.
- `run_as_virtual_account_groups` (String) If *run_as_virtual_account=yes* this is a list of groups to add the virtual account to.
- `schema_version` (String) The schema version of the session configuration file. If not set, a value will be generated automatically. Must be a valid .Net System.Version string.
- `scripts_to_process` (String) A list of paths to script files ending in `.ps1` that should be applied to the session.
- `security_descriptor_sddl` (String) An SDDL string that controls which users and groups can connect to the session. If *role_definitions* is specified the security descriptor will be set based on that. If this option is not specified the default security descriptor will be applied.
- `session_type` (String) Controls what type of session this is.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startup_script` (String) A script that gets run on session startup.
- `state` (String) The desired state of the configuration.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `thread_apartment_state` (String) The apartment state for the PowerShell session.
- `thread_options` (String) Sets thread options for the session.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `transcript_directory` (String) Automatic session transcripts will be written to this directory.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `types_to_process` (String) Paths to type definition files to process for each session.
- `use_shared_process` (Boolean) If `yes` then the session shares a process for each session.
- `user_drive_maximum_size` (String) The maximum size of the user drive in bytes. Must fit into an Int64.
- `variable_definitions` (String) A list of dicts where each elements defines a variable for each session.
- `visible_aliases` (String) The aliases that can be used in the session. For more information see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/learn/remoting/jea/role-capabilities.
- `visible_cmdlets` (String) The cmdlets that can be used in the session. The elements can be simple names or complex command specifications. For more information see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/learn/remoting/jea/role-capabilities.
- `visible_external_commands` (String) The external commands and scripts that can be used in the session. For more information see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/learn/remoting/jea/role-capabilities.
- `visible_functions` (String) The functions that can be used in the session. The elements can be simple names or complex command specifications. For more information see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/scripting/learn/remoting/jea/role-capabilities.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
