---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_spectrum_device Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_spectrum_device (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `community` (String) SNMP community used for device discovery. Required when `state=present`.
- `device` (String) IP address of the device. If a hostname is given, it is resolved to the IP address.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `landscape` (String) Landscape handle of the SpectroServer to which add or remove the device.
- `url` (String) HTTP, HTTPS URL of the Oneclick server in the form `(http|https\`://host.domain[:port]).
- `url_password` (String) Oneclick user password.
- `url_username` (String) Oneclick user name.

### Optional

- `agentport` (Number) UDP port used for SNMP discovery.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) On `present` creates the device when it does not exist. On `absent` removes the device when it exists.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_proxy` (Boolean) If `false`, it does not use a proxy, even if one is defined in an environment variable on the target hosts.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If `false`, SSL certificates are not validated. This should only be used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
