---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_export_ovf Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_export_ovf (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `export_dir` (String) Absolute path to place the exported files on the server running this task, must have write permission. If folder not exist will create it, also create a folder under this path named with VM name.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datacenter` (String) Datacenter name of the virtual machine to export.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `download_timeout` (Number) The user defined timeout in second of exporting file. If the vmdk file is too large, you can increase the value.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `export_with_extraconfig` (Boolean) All extra configuration options are exported for a virtual machine.
- `export_with_images` (Boolean) Export an ISO image of the media mounted on the CD/DVD Drive within the virtual machine.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Destination folder, absolute path to find the specified guest. The folder should include the datacenter. ESX datacenter is ha-datacenter. If multiple machines are found with same name, this parameter is used to identify Examples:    folder: /ha-datacenter/vm    folder: ha-datacenter/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm    folder: datacenter1/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm/folder2
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the instance to manage if known, this is a unique identifier only within a single vCenter instance. This is required if `name` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual machine to export. This is a required parameter, if parameter `uuid` or `moid` is not supplied.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uuid` (String) Uuid of the virtual machine to export. This is a required parameter, if parameter `name` or `moid` is not supplied.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `instance` (String) list of the exported files, if exported from vCenter server, device file is not named with vm name
