---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_powerstate Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_powerstate (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `answer` (String) A list of questions to answer, should one or more arise while waiting for the task to complete. Some common uses are to allow a cdrom to be changed even if locked, or to answer the question as to whether a VM was copied or moved. Can be used if `state=powered-on`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datacenter` (String) The datacenter where the VM you'd like to operate the power.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Destination folder, absolute or relative path to find an existing guest. The folder should include the datacenter. ESX's datacenter is ha-datacenter Examples:    folder: /ha-datacenter/vm    folder: ha-datacenter/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm    folder: datacenter1/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm/folder2
- `force` (Boolean) Ignore warnings and complete the actions. This parameter is useful while forcing virtual machine state.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the instance to manage if known, this is a unique identifier only within a single vCenter instance. This is required if `name` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual machine to work with. Virtual machine names in vCenter are not necessarily unique, which may be problematic, see `name_match`.
- `name_match` (String) If multiple virtual machines matching the name, use the first or last found.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `schedule_task_description` (String) Description of schedule task. Valid only if `scheduled_at` is specified.
- `schedule_task_enabled` (Boolean) Flag to indicate whether the scheduled task is enabled or disabled.
- `schedule_task_name` (String) Name of schedule task. Valid only if `scheduled_at` is specified.
- `scheduled_at` (String) Date and time in string format at which specified task needs to be performed. The required format for date and time - 'dd/mm/yyyy hh:mm'. Scheduling task requires vCenter server. A standalone ESXi server does not support this option.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Set the state of the virtual machine.
- `state_change_timeout` (Number) If the `state=shutdown-guest`, by default the module will return immediately after sending the shutdown signal. If this argument is set to a positive integer, the module will instead wait for the VM to reach the poweredoff state. The value sets a timeout in seconds for the module to wait for the state change.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_instance_uuid` (Boolean) Whether to use the VMware instance UUID rather than the BIOS UUID.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the instance to manage if known, this is VMware's unique identifier. This is required if `name` or `moid` is not supplied.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
