---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_snap Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_snap (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Specify the description for the snapshot. Only used on the configuration web interface. This is saved as a comment inside the configuration file.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) For removal from config file, even if removing disk snapshot fails.
- `hostname` (String) The instance name.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `retention` (Number) Remove old snapshots if there are more than `retention` snapshots. If `retention` is set to `0`, all snapshots will be kept. This is only used when `state=present` and when an actual snapshot is created. If no snapshot is created, all existing snapshots will be kept.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapname` (String) Name of the snapshot that has to be created/deleted/restored.
- `state` (String) Indicate desired state of the instance snapshot.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unbind` (Boolean) This option only applies to LXC containers. Allows to snapshot a container even if it has configured mountpoints. Temporarily disables all configured mountpoints, takes snapshot, and finally restores original configuration. If running, the container will be stopped and restarted to apply config changes. Due to restrictions in the Proxmox API this option can only be used authenticating as `root@pam` with `api_password`, API tokens do not work either. See https://pve.proxmox.com/pve-docs/api-viewer/#/nodes/{node}/lxc/{vmid}/config (PUT tab) for more details.
- `vmid` (String) The instance ID. If not set, will be fetched from PromoxAPI based on the hostname.
- `vmstate` (Boolean) Snapshot includes RAM.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
