---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_format Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_format (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `allocation_unit_size` (Number) Specifies the cluster size to use when formatting the volume. If no cluster size is specified when you format a partition, defaults are selected based on the size of the partition. This value must be a multiple of the physical sector size of the disk.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `compress` (Boolean) Enable compression on the resulting NTFS volume. NTFS compression is not supported where *allocation_unit_size* is more than 4096.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `drive_letter` (String) Used to specify the drive letter of the volume to be formatted.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `file_system` (String) Used to specify the file system to be used when formatting the target volume.
- `force` (Boolean) Specify if formatting should be forced for volumes that are not created from new partitions or if the source and target file system are different.
- `full` (Boolean) A full format writes to every sector of the disk, takes much longer to perform than the default (quick) format, and is not recommended on storage that is thinly provisioned. Specify `true` for full format.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `integrity_streams` (Boolean) Enable integrity streams on the resulting ReFS volume.
- `label` (String) Used to specify the label of the volume to be formatted.
- `large_frs` (Boolean) Specifies that large File Record System (FRS) should be used.
- `new_label` (String) Used to specify the new file system label of the formatted volume.
- `path` (String) Used to specify the path to the volume to be formatted.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
