---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_proxy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_proxy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `proxy_name` (String) Name of the proxy in Zabbix.

### Optional

- `address` (String) Parameter introduced in Zabbix 7.0. IP address or DNS name to connect to. Required if the Zabbix proxy operating mode is passive
- `allowed_addresses` (String) Parameter introduced in Zabbix 7.0. Comma-delimited IP addresses or DNS names of active Zabbix proxy.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `ca_cert` (String) Certificate issuer.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `custom_timeouts` (Number) Parameter introduced in Zabbix 7.0. Whether to override global item timeouts on the proxy level. 0 - use global settings; 1 - override timeouts.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the proxy.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interface` (String) Deprecated for Zabbix version >= 7.0. Dictionary with params for the interface when proxy is in passive mode. For more information, review proxy interface documentation at https://www.zabbix.com/documentation/current/en/manual/api/reference/proxy/object#proxy-interface.
- `local_address` (String) Parameter introduced in Zabbix 7.0. Address for active agents. IP address or DNS name to connect to. Required if proxy_groupid is not 0
- `local_port` (String) Parameter introduced in Zabbix 7.0. Local proxy port number to connect to. Supported if proxy_groupid is not 0
- `operating_mode` (String) Parameter introduced in Zabbix 7.0. Type of proxy.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (String) Parameter introduced in Zabbix 7.0. Port number to connect to. supported if the Zabbix proxy operating mode is passive.
- `proxy_address` (String) Deprecated for Zabbix version >= 7.0. Comma-delimited list of IP/CIDR addresses or DNS names to accept active proxy requests from. Requires *status=active*.
- `proxy_group` (String) Parameter introduced in Zabbix 7.0. Proxy group name.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the proxy. On `present`, it will create if proxy does not exist or update the proxy if the associated data is different. On `absent` will remove a proxy if it exists.
- `status` (String) Deprecated for Zabbix version >= 7.0. Type of proxy. (4 - active, 5 - passive)
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timeout_browser` (String) Parameter introduced in Zabbix 7.0. Spend no more than this number of seconds on browser type checks processing. Accepts seconds or time unit with suffix (e.g., 30s, 1m). Possible values range: 1-600s. Required if if `custom_timeouts` is set to 1.
- `timeout_db_monitor` (String) Parameter introduced in Zabbix 7.0. Spend no more than this number of seconds on DB checks processing. Accepts seconds or time unit with suffix (e.g., 30s, 1m). Possible values range: 1-600s. Required if if `custom_timeouts` is set to 1.
- `timeout_external_check` (String) Parameter introduced in Zabbix 7.0. Spend no more than this number of seconds on external checks processing. Accepts seconds or time unit with suffix (e.g., 30s, 1m). Possible values range: 1-600s. Required if if `custom_timeouts` is set to 1.
- `timeout_http_agent` (String) Parameter introduced in Zabbix 7.0. Spend no more than this number of seconds on HTTPagent checks processing. Accepts seconds or time unit with suffix (e.g., 30s, 1m). Possible values range: 1-600s. Required if if `custom_timeouts` is set to 1.
- `timeout_script` (String) Parameter introduced in Zabbix 7.0. Spend no more than this number of seconds on script type checks processing. Accepts seconds or time unit with suffix (e.g., 30s, 1m). Possible values range: 1-600s. Required if if `custom_timeouts` is set to 1.
- `timeout_simple_check` (String) Parameter introduced in Zabbix 7.0. Spend no more than this number of seconds on simple checks processing. Accepts seconds or time unit with suffix (e.g., 30s, 1m). Possible values range: 1-600s. Required if if `custom_timeouts` is set to 1.
- `timeout_snmp_agent` (String) Parameter introduced in Zabbix 7.0. Spend no more than this number of seconds on SNMP agent checks processing. Accepts seconds or time unit with suffix (e.g., 30s, 1m). Possible values range: 1-600s. Required if if `custom_timeouts` is set to 1.
- `timeout_ssh_agent` (String) Parameter introduced in Zabbix 7.0. Spend no more than this number of seconds on SSH checks processing. Accepts seconds or time unit with suffix (e.g., 30s, 1m). Possible values range: 1-600s. Required if if `custom_timeouts` is set to 1.
- `timeout_telnet_agent` (String) Parameter introduced in Zabbix 7.0. Spend no more than this number of seconds on Telnet checks processing. Accepts seconds or time unit with suffix (e.g., 30s, 1m). Possible values range: 1-600s. Required if if `custom_timeouts` is set to 1.
- `timeout_zabbix_agent` (String) Parameter introduced in Zabbix 7.0. Spend no more than this number of seconds on Zabbix agent checks processing. Accepts seconds or time unit with suffix (e.g., 30s, 1m). Possible values range: 1-600s. Rired if if `custom_timeouts` is set to 1.
- `tls_accept` (String) Connections from proxy.
- `tls_connect` (String) Connections to proxy.
- `tls_psk` (String) The preshared key, at least 32 hex digits. Required if either *tls_connect* or *tls_accept* has PSK enabled.
- `tls_psk_identity` (String) PSK identity. Required if either *tls_connect* or *tls_accept* has PSK enabled.
- `tls_subject` (String) Certificate subject.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
