---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_keycloak_realm_key Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_keycloak_realm_key (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the realm key to create.
- `parent_id` (String) The parent_id of the realm key. In practice the name of the realm.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config` (String) Dict specifying the key and its properties.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Enforce the state of the private key and certificate. This is not automatically the case as this module is unable to determine the current state of the private key and thus cannot trigger an update based on an actual divergence. That said, a private key update may happen even if force is false as a side-effect of other changes.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `provider_id` (String) The name of the "provider ID" for the key. The value `rsa-enc` has been added in community.general 8.2.0.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the keycloak realm key. On `present`, the realm key is created (or updated if it exists already). On `absent`, the realm key is removed if it exists.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `end_state` (String) Representation of the keycloak_realm_key after module execution.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Message as to what action was taken.
