---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_sudoers Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_sudoers (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the sudoers rule. This is used for the filename for the sudoers file managed by this rule.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `commands` (String) The commands allowed by the sudoers rule. Multiple can be added by passing a list of commands. Use `ALL` for all commands.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `group` (String) The name of the group for the sudoers rule. This option cannot be used in conjunction with `user`.
- `host` (String) Specify the host the rule is for.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `noexec` (Boolean) Whether a command is prevented to run further commands itself.
- `nopassword` (Boolean) Whether a password is not required when command is run with sudo.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `runas` (String) Specify the target user the command(s) runs as.
- `setenv` (Boolean) Whether to allow keeping the environment when command is run with sudo.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the rule should exist or not.
- `sudoers_path` (String) The path which sudoers config files are managed in.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user` (String) The name of the user for the sudoers rule. This option cannot be used in conjunction with `group`.
- `validation` (String) If `absent`, the sudoers rule is added without validation. If `detect` and `visudo` is available, then the sudoers rule is validated by `visudo`. If `required`, `visudo` must be available to validate the sudoers rule.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
