---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_dnf_versionlock Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_dnf_versionlock (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Package name spec to add or exclude to or delete from the `locklist` using the format expected by the `dnf repoquery` command. This parameter is mutually exclusive with `state=clean`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `raw` (Boolean) Do not resolve package name specs to NEVRAs to find specific version to lock to. Instead the package name specs are used as they are. This enables locking to not yet available versions of the package.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether to add (`present` or `excluded`) to or remove (`absent` or `clean`) from the `locklist`. `present` adds a package name spec to the `locklist`. If there is a installed package that matches, then only that version is added. Otherwise, all available package versions are added. `excluded` adds a package name spec as excluded to the `locklist`. It means that packages represented by the package name spec are excluded from transaction operations. All available package versions are added. `absent` deletes entries in the `locklist` that match the package name spec. `clean` deletes all entries in the `locklist`. This option is mutually exclusive with `name`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `locklist_post` (String) Locklist after module execution.
- `locklist_pre` (String) Locklist before module execution.
- `specs_toadd` (String) Package name specs meant to be added by versionlock.
- `specs_todelete` (String) Package name specs meant to be deleted by versionlock.
