---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_docker_docker_image_remove Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_docker_docker_image_remove (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Image name. Name format will be one of: `name`, `repository/name`, `registry_server:port/name`. When pushing or pulling an image the name can optionally include the tag by appending `:tag_name`. Note that image IDs (hashes) can also be used.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Un-tag and remove all images matching the specified name.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prune` (Boolean) Delete untagged parent images.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tag` (String) Tag for the image name `name` that is to be tagged. If `name`'s format is `name:tag`, then the tag value from `name` will take precedence.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `deleted` (String) The digests of the images that were deleted.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `image` (String) Image inspection results for the affected image before removal. Empty if the image was not found.
- `untagged` (String) The digests of the images that were untagged.
