---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_cfg_backup Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_cfg_backup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) If `saved`, the .tgz backup bundle will be saved in `dest`. If `absent`, the host configuration will be reset to default values. If `loaded`, the backup file in `src` will be loaded to the ESXi host rewriting the hosts settings.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dest` (String) The destination where the ESXi configuration bundle will be saved. Can be a folder or a file. If a folder, the backup file will be saved in the folder with the default filename generated from the ESXi server. If a file, the backup file will be saved with that filename. The file extension will always be .tgz.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `esxi_hostname` (String) Name of ESXi server. This is required only if authentication against a vCenter is done.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `src` (String) The file containing the ESXi configuration that will be restored.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dest_file` (String) The full path of where the file holding the ESXi configurations was stored
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
