---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_idx Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_idx (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `idxname` (String) Name of the index to create or drop.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cascade` (Boolean) Automatically drop objects that depend on the index, and in turn all objects that depend on those objects. It used only with *state=absent*. Mutually exclusive with *concurrent=true*.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `columns` (String) List of index columns that need to be covered by index. Mutually exclusive with *state=absent*.
- `concurrent` (Boolean) Enable or disable concurrent mode (CREATE / DROP INDEX CONCURRENTLY). Pay attention, if *concurrent=false*, the table will be locked (ACCESS EXCLUSIVE) during the building process. For more information about the lock levels see https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/explicit-locking.html. If the building process was interrupted for any reason when *cuncurrent=true*, the index becomes invalid. In this case it should be dropped and created again. Mutually exclusive with *cascade=true*.
- `cond` (String) Index conditions. Mutually exclusive with *state=absent*.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `idxtype` (String) Index type (like btree, gist, gin, etc.). Mutually exclusive with *state=absent*.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `login_db` (String) Name of database to connect to and where the index will be created/dropped. The `db` alias is deprecated and will be removed in version 5.0.0.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `schema` (String) Name of a database schema where the index will be created.
- `session_role` (String) Switch to session_role after connecting. The specified session_role must be a role that the current login_user is a member of. Permissions checking for SQL commands is carried out as though the session_role were the one that had logged in originally.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Index state. `present` implies the index will be created if it does not exist. `absent` implies the index will be dropped if it exists.
- `storage_params` (String) Storage parameters like fillfactor, vacuum_cleanup_index_scale_factor, etc. Mutually exclusive with *state=absent*.
- `table` (String) Table to create index on it. Mutually exclusive with *state=absent*.
- `tablespace` (String) Set a tablespace for the index. Mutually exclusive with *state=absent*.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trust_input` (Boolean) If `false`, check whether values of parameters *idxname*, *session_role*, *schema*, *table*, *columns*, *tablespace*, *storage_params*, *cond* are potentially dangerous. It makes sense to use `false` only when SQL injections via the parameters are possible.
- `unique` (Boolean) Enable unique index. Only btree currently supports unique indexes.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `name` (String) Index name.
- `query` (String) Query that was tried to be executed.
- `valid` (Boolean) Index validity.
