---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_iptables_state Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_iptables_state (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) The file the iptables state should be saved to. The file the iptables state should be restored from.
- `state` (String) Whether the firewall state should be saved (into a file) or restored (from a file).

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `counters` (Boolean) Save or restore the values of all packet and byte counters. When `true`, the module is not idempotent.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_version` (String) Which version of the IP protocol this module should apply to.
- `modprobe` (String) Specify the path to the `modprobe` program internally used by iptables related commands to load kernel modules. By default, `/proc/sys/kernel/modprobe` is inspected to determine the executable's path.
- `noflush` (Boolean) For `state=restored`, ignored otherwise. If `false`, restoring iptables rules from a file flushes (deletes) all previous contents of the respective table(s). If `true`, the previous rules are left untouched (but policies are updated anyway, for all built-in chains).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `table` (String) When `state=restored`, restore only the named table even if the input file contains other tables. Fail if the named table is not declared in the file. When `state=saved`, restrict output to the specified table. If not specified, output includes all active tables.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Number) Wait N seconds for the xtables lock to prevent instant failure in case multiple instances of the program are running concurrently.

### Read-Only

- `applied` (Boolean) Whether or not the wanted state has been successfully restored.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `initial_state` (String) The current state of the firewall when module starts.
- `restored` (String) The state the module restored, whenever it is finally applied or not.
- `saved` (String) The iptables state the module saved.
- `tables` (String) The iptables on the system before the module has run, separated by table. If the option `table` is used, only this table is included.
