---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_htpasswd Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_htpasswd (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) User name to add or remove.
- `path` (String) Path to the file that contains the usernames and passwords.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `create` (Boolean) Used with `state=present`. If `true`, the file is created if it does not exist. Conversely, if set to `false` and the file does not exist, it fails.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hash_scheme` (String) Hashing scheme to be used. As well as the four choices listed here, you can also use any other hash supported by passlib, such as `portable_apache22` and `host_apache24`; or `md5_crypt` and `sha256_crypt`, which are Linux passwd hashes. Only some schemes in addition to the four choices below are compatible with Apache or Nginx, and supported schemes depend on `passlib` version and its dependencies. See https://passlib.readthedocs.io/en/stable/lib/passlib.apache.html#passlib.apache.HtpasswdFile parameter `default_scheme`. Some of the available choices might be: `apr_md5_crypt`, `des_crypt`, `ldap_sha1`, `plaintext`. **WARNING**: The module has no mechanism to determine the `hash_scheme` of an existing entry, therefore, it does not detect whether the `hash_scheme` has changed. If you want to change the scheme, you must remove the existing entry and then create a new one using the new scheme.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) Password associated with user. Must be specified if user does not exist yet.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the user entry should be present or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
