---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_keycloak_user_rolemapping Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_keycloak_user_rolemapping (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cid` (String) ID of the client whose role is to be mapped. This parameter is not required for updating or deleting the rolemapping but providing it reduces the number of API calls required. If neither `cid` nor `client_id` is specified, a **realm** role is mapped instead.
- `client_id` (String) Name of the client (different than `cid`) whose role is to be mapped. This parameter is required if `cid` is not provided (can be replaced by `cid` to reduce the number of API calls that must be made). If neither `cid` nor `client_id` is specified, a **realm** role is mapped instead.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `realm` (String) They Keycloak realm under which this role_representation resides.
- `roles` (String) Roles to be mapped to the user.
- `service_account_user_client_id` (String) Client ID of the service-account-user to be mapped. This parameter is not required for updating or deleting the rolemapping but providing it reduces the number of API calls required.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the user_rolemapping. On `present`, the user_rolemapping is created if it does not yet exist, or updated with the parameters you provide. On `absent`, the user_rolemapping is removed if it exists.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_username` (String) Username of the user roles are mapped to. This parameter is not required (can be replaced by uid for less API call).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uid` (String) ID of the user to be mapped. This parameter is not required for updating or deleting the rolemapping but providing it reduces the number of API calls required.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `end_state` (String) Representation of client role mapping after module execution. The sample is truncated.
- `existing` (String) Representation of existing client role mapping. The sample is truncated.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Message as to what action was taken.
- `proposed` (String) Representation of proposed client role mapping.
