---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_memset_zone_record Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_memset_zone_record (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address` (String) The address for this record (can be IP or text string depending on record type).
- `api_key` (String) The API key obtained from the Memset control panel.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `type` (String) The type of DNS record to create.
- `zone` (String) The name of the zone to which to add the record to.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `priority` (Number) `SRV` and `TXT` record priority, in the range 0 > 999 (inclusive).
- `record` (String) The subdomain to create.
- `relative` (Boolean) If set then the current domain is added onto the address field for `CNAME`, `MX`, `NS` and `SRV`record types.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicates desired state of resource.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `ttl` (Number) The record's TTL in seconds (will inherit zone's TTL if not explicitly set). This must be a valid int from https://www.memset.com/apidocs/methods_dns.html#dns.zone_record_create.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `memset_api` (String) Record info from the Memset API.
