---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_docker_docker_image_build Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_docker_docker_image_build (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Image name. Name format will be one of: `name`, `repository/name`, `registry_server:port/name`. When pushing or pulling an image the name can optionally include the tag by appending `:tag_name`. Note that image IDs (hashes) and names with digest cannot be used.
- `path` (String) The path for the build environment.

### Optional

- `args` (String) Provide a dictionary of `key:value` build arguments that map to Dockerfile ARG directive. Docker expects the value to be a string. For convenience any non-string values will be converted to strings.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cache_from` (String) List of image names to consider as cache source.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dockerfile` (String) Provide an alternate name for the Dockerfile to use when building an image. This can also include a relative path (relative to `path`).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `etc_hosts` (String) Extra hosts to add to `/etc/hosts` in building containers, as a mapping of hostname to IP address. Instead of an IP address, the special value `host-gateway` can also be used, which resolves to the host's gateway IP and allows building containers to connect to services running on the host.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) Dictionary of key value pairs.
- `network` (String) The network to use for `RUN` build instructions.
- `nocache` (Boolean) Do not use cache when building an image.
- `outputs` (String) Output destinations. You can provide a list of exporters to export the built image in various places. Note that not all exporters might be supported by the build driver used. Note that depending on how this option is used, no image with name `name` and tag `tag` might be created, which can cause the basic idempotency this module offers to not work. Providing an empty list to this option is equivalent to not specifying it at all. The default behavior is a single entry with `outputs[].type=image`. **Note** that since community.docker 4.2.0, an entry for `name`/`tag` is added if `outputs` has at least one entry and no entry has type `outputs[].type=image` and includes `name`/`tag` in `outputs[].name`. This is because the module would otherwise pass `--tag name:image` to the buildx plugin, which for some reason overwrites all images in `outputs` by the `name:image` provided in `name`/`tag`.
- `platform` (String) Platforms in the format `os[/arch[/variant]]`. Since community.docker 3.10.0 this can be a list of platforms, instead of just a single platform.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pull` (Boolean) When building an image downloads any updates to the FROM image in Dockerfile.
- `rebuild` (String) Defines the behavior of the module if the image to build (as specified in `name` and `tag`) already exists.
- `secrets` (String) Secrets to expose to the build.
- `shm_size` (String) Size of `/dev/shm` in format `<number>[<unit>]`. Number is positive integer. Unit can be `B` (byte), `K` (kibibyte, 1024B), `M` (mebibyte), `G` (gibibyte), `T` (tebibyte), or `P` (pebibyte). Omitting the unit defaults to bytes. If you omit the size entirely, Docker daemon uses `64M`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tag` (String) Tag for the image name `name` that is to be tagged. If `name`'s format is `name:tag`, then the tag value from `name` will take precedence.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target` (String) When building an image specifies an intermediate build stage by name as a final stage for the resulting image.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `command` (String) The command executed.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `image` (String) Image inspection results for the affected image.
