---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_datastore_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_datastore_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster` (String) Cluster to search for datastores. If set, information of datastores belonging this clusters will be returned. This parameter is required, if `datacenter` is not supplied.
- `datacenter` (String) Datacenter to search for datastores. This parameter is required, if `cluster` is not supplied.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gather_nfs_mount_info` (Boolean) Gather mount information of NFS datastores. Disabled per default because this slows down the execution if you have a lot of datastores. Only valid when `schema=summary`.
- `gather_vmfs_mount_info` (Boolean) Gather mount information of VMFS datastores. Disabled per default because this slows down the execution if you have a lot of datastores. Only valid when `schema=summary`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Name of the datastore to match. If set, information of specific datastores are returned.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `properties` (String) Specify the properties to retrieve. If not specified, all properties are retrieved (deeply). Results are returned in a structure identical to the vsphere API. Example:    properties: [       "name",       "info.vmfs.ssd",       "capability.vsanSparseSupported",       "overallStatus"    ] Only valid when `schema=vsphere`.
- `schema` (String) Specify the output schema desired. The 'summary' output schema is the legacy output from the module The 'vsphere' output schema is the vSphere API class definition
- `show_tag` (Boolean) Tags related to Datastore are shown if set to `true`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `datastores` (String) metadata about the available datastores
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
