---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_hrobot_storagebox_subaccount Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_hrobot_storagebox_subaccount (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `storagebox_id` (Number) The ID of the storage box to query.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) A custom comment for the subaccount. Is required when using `idempotence=comment` for updates or deletion of a subaccount.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `external_reachability` (Boolean) Enable or disable external reachability (from outside Hetzner's networks).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hetzner_token` (String)
- `homedirectory` (String) Home directory of the subaccount. Required only when creating a subaccount (`state=present`).
- `idempotence` (String) Select which attribute to use to check subaccount existence. If set to `username`, then subaccounts are identified by their username. Note that usernames cannot be specified on creation, so you need to use different module arguments for creation and updating. If set to `comment`, then subaccounts are identified by their comment. If there already exist more than one subaccount with the given comment, the module will fail.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) Password to use or change. See `password_mode` for how and when this is used. Will be ignored if `password_mode=set-to-random`.
- `password_mode` (String) Controls how password updates are handled. If `update-if-provided`, the password always updated if provided (default). If `ignore-if-exists`, password is only used during creation. If `set-to-random`, password is reset to a randomly generated one. Note that this is not supported by the new API (when `hetzner_token` is set). The value has been deprecated in community.hrobot 2.7.0 and will be removed from community.hrobot 3.0.0. When a new subaccount is created, the password is set to the specified one if `password` is provided, and a random password is set if `password` is not provided.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `readonly` (Boolean) Enable or disable read-only mode.
- `samba` (Boolean) Enable or disable Samba.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssh` (Boolean) Enable or disable SSH access.
- `state` (String) Desired state of this subaccount.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Username of the subaccount. Required when using `idempotence=username` for updates or deletion of a subaccount. If `idempotence=username` and this is not specified, a new subaccount will always be created. If `idempotence=comment`, this option is ignored, as the Hetzner API does not allow to chose or modify the username.
- `webdav` (Boolean) Enable or disable WebDAV.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `created` (Boolean) Whether a new subaccount was created.
- `deleted` (Boolean) Whether the subaccount was deleted.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `password_updated` (Boolean) Whether the subaccount's password was updated.
- `subaccount` (String) The subaccount object returned by the API. If `hetzner_token` is provided, some extra fields are added to make this more compatible with the format returned by `hetzner_user`. **This extra return values are deprecated and will be removed from community.hrobot 3.0.0.** If you are using ansible-core 2.19 or newer, you will see a deprecation message when using these return values. These return values are R`ignore:homedirectory`, R`ignore:samba`, R`ignore:ssh`, R`ignore:webdav`, R`ignore:external_reachability`, R`ignore:readonly`, R`ignore:createtime`, and R`ignore:comment`.
- `updated` (Boolean) Whether the subaccount's configuration was updated (excluding password changes).
