---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_snap Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_snap (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the snaps to be installed. Any named snap accepted by the `snap` command is valid. `dangerous=true` may be necessary when installing `.snap` files. See `dangerous` for more details.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `channel` (String) Define which release of a snap is installed and tracked for updates. This option can only be specified if there is a single snap in the task. If not passed, the `snap` command defaults to `stable`. If the value passed does not contain the `track`, it defaults to `latest`. For example, if `edge` is passed, the module assumes the channel to be `latest/edge`. See https://snapcraft.io/docs/channels for more details about snap channels.
- `classic` (Boolean) Install a snap that has classic confinement. This option corresponds to the `--classic` argument of the `snap install` command. This level of confinement is permissive, granting full system access, similar to that of traditionally packaged applications that do not use sandboxing mechanisms. This option can only be specified when the task involves a single snap. See https://snapcraft.io/docs/snap-confinement for more details about classic confinement and confinement levels.
- `dangerous` (Boolean) Install the snap in dangerous mode, without validating its assertions and signatures. This is useful when installing local snaps that are either unsigned or have signatures that have not been acknowledged. See https://snapcraft.io/docs/install-modes for more details about installation modes.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `options` (String) Set options with pattern `key=value` or `snap:key=value`. If a snap name is given, the option is applied to that snap only. If the snap name is omitted, the options are applied to all snaps listed in `name`. Options are only applied to active snaps. Options are only applied when `state` is set to `present`. This is done after the necessary installation or refresh (upgrade/downgrade) of all the snaps listed in `name`. See https://snapcraft.io/docs/configuration-in-snaps for more details about snap configuration options.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of the package. When `state=present` the module uses `snap install` if the snap is not installed, and `snap refresh` if it is installed but from a different channel.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cmd` (String) The command that was executed on the host.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `options_changed` (String) The list of options set/changed in format `snap:key=value`.
- `snaps_installed` (String) The list of actually installed snaps.
- `snaps_removed` (String) The list of actually removed snaps.
- `version` (String) Versions of snap components as reported by `snap version`.
