---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_firewall_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_firewall_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `group` (String) Name of the group to which the rule belongs. Only needed when `level=group`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `level` (String) Level at which the firewall rule applies.
- `node` (String) Name of the node. Only needed when `level=node`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pos` (Number) Position of the rule in the list.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vmid` (Number) ID of the VM to which the rule applies. Only needed when `level=vm`.
- `vnet` (String) Name of the virtual network for the rule. Only needed when `level=vnet`.

### Read-Only

- `aliases` (String) List of alias present at given level. Aliases are only available for cluster and VM level so if any other level it'll be empty list.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `firewall_rules` (String) List of firewall rules at given level.
- `groups` (String) List of firewall security groups. This will always be given for cluster level regardless of the level passed. Because only at cluster level we can have firewall security groups.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `ip_sets` (String) List of IP Sets. These are only supported on the `level` = cluster, other inputs are ignored.
