---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_host_datastore Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_host_datastore (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datastore_name` (String) Name of the datastore to add/remove.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_expand` (Boolean) Expand a datastore capacity to full if it has free capacity. This parameter can't be extend using another datastore. Can be used to expand a datastore capacity after increasing LUN volume.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datastore_type` (String) Type of the datastore to configure (nfs/nfs41/vmfs/vvol).
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `esxi_hostname` (String) ESXi hostname to manage the datastore. Required when used with a vcenter
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `nfs_path` (String) Resource path on NFS host. Required if `datastore_type=nfs` / `datastore_type=nfs41` and `state=present`, else unused.
- `nfs_ro` (Boolean) ReadOnly or ReadWrite mount. Unused if datastore type is not set to `datastore_type=nfs` / `datastore_type=nfs41` and not `state=present`.
- `nfs_server` (String) NFS host serving nfs datastore. Required if `datastore_type=nfs` / `datastore_type=nfs41` and `state=present`, else unused. Two or more servers can be defined if `datastore_type=nfs41`
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resignature` (Boolean) Allows forcing resignature of unresolved VMFS datastore that already exists on the specified disk device. Unused if not `datastore_type=vmfs` and not `state=present`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) present: Mount datastore on host if datastore is absent else do nothing. absent: Umount datastore if datastore is present else do nothing.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vasa_provider` (String) hostname or ipaddress of the VASA provider to use for vVols provisioning
- `vmfs_device_name` (String) Name of the device to be used as VMFS datastore. Required for VMFS datastore type and `state=present`, else unused.
- `vmfs_version` (Number) VMFS version to use for datastore creation. Unused if not `datastore_type=vmfs` and not `state=present`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
