---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_node_network_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_node_network_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `node` (String) The Proxmox node to retrieve network interface information from.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `check_changes` (Boolean) Whether to check for pending network configuration changes. When enabled, the module will return only information about any staged changes that are waiting to be applied. When disabled (default), the module will return network interface information. This parameter cannot be used together with `iface` or `iface_type` parameters, as checking for pending changes is a node-level operation.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `iface` (String) Name of a specific network interface to retrieve information for. If not specified, information for all interfaces will be returned.
- `iface_type` (String) Filter results by interface type.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `has_pending_changes` (Boolean) Whether there are any pending network configuration changes
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `pending_changes` (String) Pending network configuration changes
- `proxmox_node_networks` (String) List of network interfaces on the node
