---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_puppet Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_puppet (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `certname` (String) The name to use when handling certificates.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `confdir` (String) Path to the directory containing the puppet.conf file.
- `debug` (Boolean) Enable full debugging.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `environment_lang` (String) The lang environment to use when running the puppet agent. The default value, `C`, is supported on every system, but can lead to encoding errors if UTF-8 is used in the output. Use `C.UTF-8` or `en_US.UTF-8` or similar UTF-8 supporting locales in case of problems. You need to make sure the selected locale is supported on the system the puppet agent runs on. Starting with community.general 9.1.0, you can use the value `auto` and the module tries to determine the best parseable locale to use.
- `execute` (String) Execute a specific piece of Puppet code. It has no effect with a puppetmaster.
- `facter_basename` (String) Basename of the facter output file.
- `facts` (String) A dict of values to pass in as persistent external facter facts.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `logdest` (String) Where the puppet logs should go, if puppet apply is being used. `all` goes to both `console` and `syslog`. `stdout` is deprecated and replaced by `console`.
- `manifest` (String) Path to the manifest file to run puppet apply on.
- `modulepath` (String) Path to an alternate location for puppet modules.
- `noop` (Boolean) Override puppet.conf noop mode. When `true`, run Puppet agent with `--noop` switch set. When `false`, run Puppet agent with `--no-noop` switch set. When unset (default), use default or puppet.conf value if defined.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `puppetmaster` (String) The hostname of the puppetmaster to contact.
- `show_diff` (Boolean) Whether to print file changes details.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `summarize` (Boolean) Whether to print a transaction summary.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_srv_records` (Boolean) Toggles use_srv_records flag.
- `verbose` (Boolean) Print extra information.
- `waitforlock` (String) The maximum amount of time `puppet` should wait for an already running `puppet` agent to finish before starting. If a number without unit is provided, it is assumed to be a number of seconds. Allowed units are `m` for minutes and `h` for hours.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
