---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_hg Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_hg (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `repo` (String) The repository address.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clone` (Boolean) If `false`, do not clone the repository if it does not exist locally.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dest` (String) Absolute path of where the repository should be cloned to. This parameter is required, unless clone and update are set to no.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) Path to `hg` executable to use. If not supplied, the normal mechanism for resolving binary paths is used.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Discards uncommitted changes. Runs `hg update -C`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge` (Boolean) Deletes untracked files. Runs `hg purge`.
- `revision` (String) Equivalent `-r` option in hg command which could be the changeset, revision number, branch name or even tag.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update` (Boolean) If `false`, do not retrieve new revisions from the origin repository.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
