---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_acme_account Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_acme_account (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) The state of the account, to be identified by its account key. If the state is `absent`, the account will either not exist or be deactivated. If the state is `changed_key`, the account must exist. The account key will be changed; no other information will be touched.

### Optional

- `allow_creation` (Boolean) Whether account creation is allowed (when state is `present`).
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `contact` (String) A list of contact URLs. Email addresses must be prefixed with `mailto:`. See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8555#section-7.3 for what is allowed. Must be specified when state is `present`. Will be ignored if state is `absent` or `changed_key`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `external_account_binding` (String) Allows to provide external account binding data during account creation. This is used by CAs like Sectigo, HARICA, or ZeroSSL to bind a new ACME account to an existing CA-specific account, to be able to properly identify a customer. Only used when creating a new account. Can not be specified for ACME v1.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `new_account_key_content` (String) Content of the ACME account RSA or Elliptic Curve key to change to. Same restrictions apply as to `account_key_content`. Mutually exclusive with `new_account_key_src`. Required if `new_account_key_src` is not used and `state` is `changed_key`.
- `new_account_key_passphrase` (String) Phassphrase to use to decode the new account key. **Note:** this is not supported by the `openssl` backend, only by the `cryptography` backend.
- `new_account_key_src` (String) Path to a file containing the ACME account RSA or Elliptic Curve key to change to. Same restrictions apply as to `account_key_src`. Mutually exclusive with `new_account_key_content`. Required if `new_account_key_content` is not used and `state` is `changed_key`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `terms_agreed` (Boolean) Boolean indicating whether you agree to the terms of service document. ACME servers can require this to be `true`.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `account_uri` (String) ACME account URI, or None if account does not exist.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
