---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_kibana_plugin Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_kibana_plugin (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the plugin to install.

### Optional

- `allow_root` (Boolean) Whether to allow `kibana` and `kibana-plugin` to be run as root. Passes the `--allow-root` flag to these commands.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Delete and re-install the plugin. It can be useful for plugins update.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `plugin_bin` (String) Location of the Kibana binary.
- `plugin_dir` (String) Your configured plugin directory specified in Kibana.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of a plugin.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) Set exact URL to download the plugin from. For local file, prefix its absolute path with `file://`.
- `version` (String) Version of the plugin to be installed. If the plugin is installed with in a previous version, it is **not** updated unless `force=true`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cmd` (String) The launched command during plugin management (install / remove).
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
