---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_redshift_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_redshift_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster_identifier` (String) The prefix of cluster identifier of the Redshift cluster you are searching for. This is a regular expression match with implicit '^'. Append '$' for a complete match.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `allow_version_upgrade` (Boolean) A Boolean value that, if true, indicates that major version upgrades will be applied automatically to the cluster during the maintenance window.
- `automated_snapshot_retention_period` (Number) The number of days that automatic cluster snapshots are retained.
- `availability_zone` (String) The name of the Availability Zone in which the cluster is located.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cluster_create_time` (String) The date and time that the cluster was created.
- `cluster_nodes` (String) The nodes in the cluster.
- `cluster_paramater_groups` (String) The list of cluster parameters that are associated with this cluster.
- `cluster_public_keys` (String) The public key for the cluster.
- `cluster_revision_number` (String) The specific revision number of the database in the cluster.
- `cluster_security_groups` (String) A list of cluster security groups that are associated with the cluster.
- `cluster_snapshot_copy_status` (String) A value that returns the destination region and retention period that are configured for cross-region snapshot copy.
- `cluster_status` (String) Current state of the cluster.
- `cluster_subnet_group_name` (String) The name of the subnet group that is associated with the cluster.
- `cluster_version` (String) The version ID of the Amazon Redshift engine that is running on the cluster.
- `db_name` (String) The name of the initial database that was created when the cluster was created.
- `elastic_ip_status` (String) The status of the elastic IP (EIP) address.
- `encrypted` (Boolean) Boolean value that, if true , indicates that data in the cluster is encrypted at rest.
- `endpoint` (String) The connection endpoint.
- `enhanced_vpc_routing` (Boolean) An option that specifies whether to create the cluster with enhanced VPC routing enabled.
- `hsm_status` (String) A value that reports whether the Amazon Redshift cluster has finished applying any hardware security module (HSM) settings changes specified in a modify cluster command.
- `iam_roles` (String) List of IAM roles attached to the cluster.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `kms_key_id` (String) The AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) key ID of the encryption key used to encrypt data in the cluster.
- `master_username` (String) The master user name for the cluster.
- `modify_status` (String) The status of a modify operation.
- `node_type` (String) The node type for nodes in the cluster.
- `number_of_nodes` (Number) The number of compute nodes in the cluster.
- `pending_modified_values` (String) A value that, if present, indicates that changes to the cluster are pending.
- `preferred_maintenance_window` (String) The weekly time range, in Universal Coordinated Time (UTC), during which system maintenance can occur.
- `publicly_accessible` (Boolean) A Boolean value that, if true , indicates that the cluster can be accessed from a public network.
- `restore_status` (String) A value that describes the status of a cluster restore action.
- `vpc_id` (String) The identifier of the VPC the cluster is in, if the cluster is in a VPC.
- `vpc_security_groups` (String) A list of VPC security groups the are associated with the cluster.
