---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_one_service Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_one_service (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `api_password` (String) Password of the user to login into OpenNebula OneFlow API server. If not set then the value of the `ONEFLOW_PASSWORD` environment variable is used.
- `api_url` (String) URL of the OpenNebula OneFlow API server. It is recommended to use HTTPS so that the username/password are not transferred over the network unencrypted. If not set then the value of the `ONEFLOW_URL` environment variable is used.
- `api_username` (String) Name of the user to login into the OpenNebula OneFlow API server. If not set then the value of the `ONEFLOW_USERNAME` environment variable is used.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cardinality` (Number) Number of VMs for the specified role.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `custom_attrs` (String) Dictionary of key/value custom attributes which is used when instantiating a new service.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Force the new cardinality even if it is outside the limits.
- `group_id` (Number) ID of the group which is set as the group of the service.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mode` (String) Set permission mode of a service instance in octet format, for example `0600` to give owner `use` and `manage` and nothing to group and others.
- `owner_id` (Number) ID of the user which is set as the owner of the service.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `role` (String) Name of the role whose cardinality should be changed.
- `service_id` (Number) ID of a service instance that you would like to manage.
- `service_name` (String) Name of a service instance that you would like to manage.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `present` - instantiate a service from a template specified with `template_id` or `template_name`. `absent` - terminate an instance of a service specified with `template_id` or `template_name`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template_id` (Number) ID of a service template to use to create a new instance of a service.
- `template_name` (String) Name of service template to use to create a new instance of a service.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unique` (Boolean) Setting `unique=true` ensures that there is only one service instance running with a name set with `service_name` when instantiating a service from a template specified with `template_id` or `template_name`. Check examples below.
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait for the instance to reach RUNNING state after DEPLOYING or COOLDOWN state after SCALING.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long before wait gives up, in seconds.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `group_name` (String) Service's group name.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `owner_name` (String) Service's owner name.
- `roles` (String) List of dictionaries of roles, each role is described by name, cardinality, state and nodes IDs.
