---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_packet_device Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_packet_device (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `project_id` (String) ID of project of the device.

### Optional

- `always_pxe` (Boolean) Persist PXE as the first boot option. Normally, the PXE process happens only on the first boot. Set this arg to have your device continuously boot to iPXE.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_token` (String) Packet API token. You can also supply it in environment variable `PACKET_API_TOKEN`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `count` (Number) The number of devices to create. Count number can be included in hostname using the `%d` string formatter.
- `count_offset` (Number) From which number to start the count.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device_ids` (String) List of device IDs on which to operate.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `facility` (String) Facility slug for device creation. See Packet API for current list - https://www.packet.net/developers/api/facilities/.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `features` (String) Dict with "features" for device creation. See Packet API docs for details.
- `hostnames` (String) A hostname of a device, or a list of hostnames. If given string or one-item list, you can use the `"%d"` Python string format to expand numbers from `count`. If only one hostname, it might be expanded to list if `count`>1.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipxe_script_url` (String) URL of custom iPXE script for provisioning. More about custom iPXE for Packet devices at https://help.packet.net/technical/infrastructure/custom-ipxe.
- `locked` (Boolean) Whether to lock a created device.
- `operating_system` (String) OS slug for device creation. See Packet API for current list - https://www.packet.net/developers/api/operatingsystems/.
- `plan` (String) Plan slug for device creation. See Packet API for current list - https://www.packet.net/developers/api/plans/.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of the device. If set to `present` (the default), the module call returns immediately after the device-creating HTTP request successfully returns. If set to `active`, the module call blocks until all the specified devices are in state active due to the Packet API, or until `wait_timeout`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_data` (String) Userdata blob made available to the machine.
- `wait_for_public_IPv` (Number) Whether to wait for the instance to be assigned a public IPv4/IPv6 address. If set to `4`, it waits until IPv4 is assigned to the instance. If set to `6`, it waits until public IPv6 is assigned to the instance.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long (seconds) to wait either for automatic IP address assignment, or for the device to reach the `active` state. If `wait_for_public_IPv` is set and `state=active`, the module waits for both events consequently, applying the timeout twice.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `devices` (String) Information about each device that was processed.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
