---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_pacemaker_resource Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_pacemaker_resource (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Specify the resource name to create or clone to. This is required if `state=present`, `state=absent`, `state=enabled`, or `state=disabled`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resource_argument` (String) Action to associate with resource.
- `resource_clone_ids` (String) List of clone resource IDs to clone from.
- `resource_clone_meta` (String) List of metadata to associate with clone resource.
- `resource_meta` (String) List of meta to associate with resource.
- `resource_operation` (String) List of operations to associate with resource.
- `resource_option` (String) Specify the resource option to create.
- `resource_type` (String) Resource type to create.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicate desired state for cluster resource. The states `cleanup` and `cloned` have been added in community.general 11.3.0. If `state=cloned` or `state=present`, you can set `resource_clone_ids` and `resource_clone_meta` to determine exactly what and how to clone.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Number) Timeout period for polling the resource creation.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cluster_resources` (String) The cluster resource output message.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
