---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_acme_challenge_cert_helper Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_acme_challenge_cert_helper (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `challenge` (String) The challenge type.
- `challenge_data` (String) The R`community.crypto.acme_certificate#module:challenge_data` entry provided by `community.crypto.acme_certificate` for the challenge.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_key_content` (String) Content of the private key to use for this challenge certificate. Mutually exclusive with `private_key_src`.
- `private_key_passphrase` (String) Phassphrase to use to decode the private key.
- `private_key_src` (String) Path to a file containing the private key file to use for this challenge certificate. Mutually exclusive with `private_key_content`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `challenge_certificate` (String) The challenge certificate in PEM format.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `domain` (String) The domain the challenge is for. The certificate should be provided if this is specified in the request's the `Host` header.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `identifier` (String) The identifier for the actual resource. Will be a domain name if R`identifier_type=dns`, or an IP address if R`identifier_type=ip`.
- `identifier_type` (String) The identifier type for the actual resource identifier.
- `regular_certificate` (String) A self-signed certificate for the challenge domain. If no existing certificate exists, can be used to set-up https in the first place if that is needed for providing the challenge.
