---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_pritunl_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_pritunl_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `organization` (String) The name of the organization the user is part of.
- `user_name` (String) Name of the user to create or delete from Pritunl.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If `present`, the module adds user `user_name` to the Pritunl `organization`. If `absent`, removes the user `user_name` from the Pritunl `organization`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_disabled` (Boolean) Enable/Disable the user `user_name`.
- `user_email` (String) Email address associated with the user `user_name`.
- `user_gravatar` (Boolean) Enable/Disable Gravatar usage for the user `user_name`.
- `user_groups` (String) List of groups associated with the user `user_name`.
- `user_mac_addresses` (String) Allowed MAC addresses for the user `user_name`.
- `user_type` (String) Type of the user `user_name`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `response` (String) JSON representation of Pritunl Users.
