---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_sensu_check Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_sensu_check (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the check. This is the key that is used to determine whether a check exists.

### Optional

- `aggregate` (Boolean) Classifies the check as an aggregate check, making it available using the aggregate API. Default is `false`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file (if yes), including the timestamp information so you can get the original file back if you somehow clobbered it incorrectly.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `command` (String) Path to the sensu check to run (not required when `state=absent`).
- `custom` (String) A hash/dictionary of custom parameters for mixing to the configuration. You cannot rewrite other module parameters using this.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dependencies` (String) Other checks this one depends on. If dependencies fail handling of this check is disabled.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `handle` (Boolean) Whether the check should be handled or not. Default is `false`.
- `handlers` (String) List of handlers to notify when the check fails.
- `high_flap_threshold` (Number) The high threshold for flap detection.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interval` (Number) Check interval in seconds.
- `low_flap_threshold` (Number) The low threshold for flap detection.
- `metric` (Boolean) Whether the check is a metric.
- `occurrences` (Number) Number of event occurrences before the handler should take action. If not specified, defaults to 1.
- `path` (String) Path to the JSON file of the check to be added/removed. It is created if it does not exist (unless `state=absent`). The parent folders need to exist when `state=present`, otherwise an error is thrown.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `publish` (Boolean) Whether the check should be scheduled at all. You can still issue it using the sensu API. Default is `false`.
- `refresh` (Number) Number of seconds handlers should wait before taking second action.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) The check source, used to create a JIT Sensu client for an external resource (for example a network switch).
- `standalone` (Boolean) Whether the check should be scheduled by the sensu client or server. This option obviates the need for specifying the `subscribers` option. Default is `false`.
- `state` (String) Whether the check should be present or not.
- `subdue_begin` (String) When to disable handling of check failures.
- `subdue_end` (String) When to enable handling of check failures.
- `subscribers` (String) List of subscribers/channels this check should run for. See sensu_subscribers to subscribe a machine to a channel.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `ttl` (Number) Time to live in seconds until the check is considered stale.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
