---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_dns_nameserver_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_dns_nameserver_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) A list of DNS names whose nameservers to retrieve.

### Optional

- `always_ask_default_resolver` (Boolean) When set to `true` (default), will use the default resolver to find the authoritative nameservers of a subzone. See `server` for how to configure the default resolver. When set to `false`, will use the authoritative nameservers of the parent zone to find the authoritative nameservers of a subzone. This only makes sense when the nameservers were recently changed and have not yet propagated.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `query_retry` (Number) Number of retries for DNS query timeouts.
- `query_timeout` (Number) Timeout per DNS query in seconds.
- `resolve_addresses` (Boolean) Whether to resolve the nameserver names to IP addresses.
- `server` (String) The DNS server(s) to use to look up the result. Must be a list of one or more IP addresses. By default, the system's standard resolver is used.
- `servfail_retries` (Number) How often to retry on SERVFAIL errors.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `results` (String) Information on the nameservers for every DNS name provided in `name`.
