---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_zfs_facts Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_zfs_facts (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) ZFS dataset name.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `depth` (Number) Specifies recursion depth.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `parsable` (Boolean) Specifies if property values should be displayed in machine friendly format.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `properties` (String) Specifies which dataset properties should be queried in comma-separated format. For more information about dataset properties, check zfs(1M) man page.
- `recurse` (Boolean) Specifies if properties for any children should be recursively displayed.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Specifies which datasets types to display. Multiple values have to be provided as a list or in comma-separated form. Value `all` cannot be used together with other values.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `zfs_datasets` (String) ZFS dataset facts.
