---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_keycloak_user_federation Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_keycloak_user_federation (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bind_credential_update_mode` (String) The value of the config parameter `config.bindCredential` is redacted in the Keycloak responses. Comparing the redacted value with the desired value always evaluates to not equal. This means the before and desired states are never equal if the parameter is set. Set to `always` to include `config.bindCredential` in the comparison of before and desired state. Because of the redacted value returned by Keycloak the module always detects a change and make an update if a `config.bindCredential` value is set. Set to `only_indirect` to exclude `config.bindCredential` when comparing the before state with the desired state. The value of `config.bindCredential` is only updated if there are other changes to the user federation that require an update.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config` (String) Dict specifying the configuration options for the provider; the contents differ depending on the value of `provider_id`. Examples are given below for `ldap`, `kerberos` and `sssd`. It is easiest to obtain valid config values by dumping an already-existing user federation configuration through check-mode in the R`existing` field. The value `sssd` has been supported since community.general 4.2.0.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mappers` (String) A list of dicts defining mappers associated with this Identity Provider.
- `name` (String) Display name of provider when linked in admin console.
- `parent_id` (String) Unique ID for the parent of this user federation. Realm ID is automatically used if left blank.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `provider_id` (String) Provider for this user federation. Built-in providers are `ldap`, `kerberos`, and `sssd`. Custom user storage providers can also be used.
- `provider_type` (String) Component type for user federation (only supported value is `org.keycloak.storage.UserStorageProvider`).
- `realm` (String) The Keycloak realm under which this user federation resides.
- `remove_unspecified_mappers` (Boolean) Remove mappers that are not specified in the configuration for this federation. Set to `false` to keep mappers that are not listed in `mappers`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the user federation. On `present`, the user federation is created if it does not yet exist, or updated with the parameters you provide. On `absent`, the user federation is removed if it exists.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `end_state` (String) Representation of user federation after module execution.
- `existing` (String) Representation of existing user federation.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Message as to what action was taken.
- `proposed` (String) Representation of proposed user federation.
