---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_openssl_privatekey_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_openssl_privatekey_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `check_consistency` (Boolean) Whether to check consistency of the private key. In community.crypto < 2.0.0, consistency was always checked. Since community.crypto 2.0.0, the consistency check has been disabled by default to avoid private key material to be transported around and computed with, and only do so when requested explicitly. This can potentially prevent [side-channel attacks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Side-channel_attack). Note that consistency checks only work for certain key types, and might depend on the version of the cryptography library. For example, with cryptography 42.0.0 and newer consistency of RSA keys can no longer be checked.
- `content` (String) Content of the private key file. Either `path` or `content` must be specified, but not both.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `passphrase` (String) The passphrase for the private key.
- `path` (String) Remote absolute path where the private key file is loaded from.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `return_private_key_data` (Boolean) Whether to return private key data. Only set this to `true` when you want private information about this key to leave the remote machine. **WARNING:** you have to make sure that private key data is not accidentally logged!
- `select_crypto_backend` (String) Determines which crypto backend to use. The default choice is `auto`, which tries to use `cryptography` if available. If set to `cryptography`, will try to use the [cryptography](https://cryptography.io/) library. Note that with community.crypto 3.0.0, all values behave the same. This option will be deprecated in a later version. We recommend to not set it explicitly.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `can_load_key` (Boolean) Whether the module was able to load the private key from disk.
- `can_parse_key` (Boolean) Whether the module was able to parse the private key.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `key_is_consistent` (Boolean) Whether the key is consistent. Can also return `none` next to `true` and `false`, to indicate that consistency could not be checked. In case the check returns `false`, the module will fail.
- `private_data` (String) Private key data. Depends on key type.
- `public_data` (String) Public key data. Depends on key type.
- `public_key` (String) Private key's public key in PEM format.
- `public_key_fingerprints` (String) Fingerprints of private key's public key. For every hash algorithm available, the fingerprint is computed.
- `type` (String) The key's type. One of `RSA`, `DSA`, `ECC`, `Ed25519`, `X25519`, `Ed448`, or `X448`. Will start with `unknown` if the key type cannot be determined.
