---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_host_vmnic_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_host_vmnic_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `capabilities` (Boolean) Gather information about general capabilities (Auto negotiation, Wake On LAN, and Network I/O Control).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the cluster from which all host systems will be used. Vmnic information about each ESXi server will be returned for the given cluster. This parameter is required if `esxi_hostname` is not specified.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `directpath_io` (Boolean) Gather information about DirectPath I/O capabilities and configuration.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `esxi_hostname` (String) Name of the host system to work with. Vmnic information about this ESXi server will be returned. This parameter is required if `cluster_name` is not specified.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sriov` (Boolean) Gather information about SR-IOV capabilities and configuration.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `hosts_vmnics_info` (String) dict with hostname as key and dict with vmnics information as value. for `num_vmnics`, only NICs starting with vmnic are counted. NICs like vusb* are not counted.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
