---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_acm_certificate Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_acm_certificate (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `certificate` (String) The body of the PEM encoded public certificate. Required when *state* is not `absent` and the certificate does not exist. If your certificate is in a file, use `lookup('file', 'path/to/cert.pem'`).
- `certificate_arn` (String) The ARN of a certificate in ACM to modify or delete. If *state=present*, the certificate with the specified ARN can be updated. For example, this can be used to add/remove tags to an existing certificate.
 If *state=absent*, you must provide one of *certificate_arn*, *domain_name* or *name_tag*.
 If *state=absent* and no resource exists with this ARN in this region, the task will succeed with no effect.
 If *state=absent* and the corresponding resource exists in a different region, this task may report success without deleting that resource.
- `certificate_chain` (String) The body of the PEM encoded chain for your certificate. If your certificate chain is in a file, use `lookup('file', 'path/to/chain.pem'`).
 Ignored when *state=absent*
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain_name` (String) The domain name of the certificate. If *state=absent* and *domain_name* is specified, this task will delete all ACM certificates with this domain.
 Exactly one of *domain_name*, *name_tag* and *certificate_arn* must be provided.
 If *state=present* this must not be specified. (Since the domain name is encoded within the public certificate's body.)
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name_tag` (String) The unique identifier for tagging resources using AWS tags, with key *Name*.
 This can be any set of characters accepted by AWS for tag values. This is to ensure Ansible can treat certificates idempotently, even though the ACM API allows duplicate certificates.
 If *state=preset*, this must be specified. If *state=absent* and *name_tag* is specified, this task will delete all ACM certificates with this Name tag.
 If *state=absent*, you must provide exactly one of *certificate_arn*, *domain_name* or *name_tag*.
 If both *name_tag* and the 'Name' tag in *tags* are set, the values must be the same.
 If the 'Name' tag in *tags* is not set and *name_tag* is set, the *name_tag* value is copied to *tags*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_key` (String) The body of the PEM encoded private key. Required when *state=present* and the certificate does not exist. Ignored when *state=absent*. If your private key is in a file, use `lookup('file', 'path/to/key.pem'`).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If *state=present*, the specified public certificate and private key will be uploaded, with *Name* tag equal to *name_tag*.
 If *state=absent*, any certificates in this region with a corresponding *domain_name*, *name_tag* or *certificate_arn* will be deleted.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `arns` (String) A list of the ARNs of the certificates in ACM which were deleted
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
