---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_eks_fargate_profile Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_eks_fargate_profile (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_name` (String) Name of EKS Cluster.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of EKS Fargate Profile.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `role_arn` (String) ARN of IAM role used by the EKS cluster. Required when *state=present*.
- `selectors` (String) A list of selectors to use in fargate profile. Required when *state=present*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or delete the Fargate Profile.
- `subnets` (String) list of subnet IDs for the Kubernetes cluster. Required when *state=present*.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Specifies whether the module waits until the profile is created or deleted before moving on.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) The duration in seconds to wait for the cluster to become active. Defaults to 1200 seconds (20 minutes).

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `created_at` (String) Fargate Profile creation date and time.
- `fargate_profile_arn` (String) ARN of the Fargate Profile.
- `fargate_profile_name` (String) Name of Fargate Profile.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `pod_execution_role_arn` (String) ARN of the IAM Role used by Fargate Profile.
- `status` (String) status of the EKS Fargate Profile.
