---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_openssl_privatekey Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_openssl_privatekey (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) Name of the file in which the generated TLS/SSL private key will be written. It will have `0600` mode if `mode` is not explicitly set.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file including a timestamp so you can get the original private key back if you overwrote it with a new one by accident.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Should the key be regenerated even if it already exists.
- `format` (String)
- `format_mismatch` (String)
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `regenerate` (String)
- `return_content` (Boolean) If set to `true`, will return the (current or generated) private key's content as R`privatekey`. Note that especially if the private key is not encrypted, you have to make sure that the returned value is treated appropriately and not accidentally written to logs, and so on! Use with care! Use Ansible's `no_log` task option to avoid the output being shown. See also https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/reference_appendices/faq.html#how-do-i-keep-secret-data-in-my-playbook.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the private key should exist or not, taking action if the state is different from what is stated.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `backup_file` (String) Name of backup file created.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `curve` (String) Elliptic curve used to generate the TLS/SSL private key.
- `filename` (String) Path to the generated TLS/SSL private key file.
- `fingerprint` (String) The fingerprint of the public key. Fingerprint will be generated for each `hashlib.algorithms` available.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `privatekey` (String) The (current or generated) private key's content. Will be Base64-encoded if the key is in raw format.
- `size` (Number) Size (in bits) of the TLS/SSL private key.
- `type` (String) Algorithm used to generate the TLS/SSL private key.
