---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_hpilo_boot Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_hpilo_boot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) The HP iLO hostname/address that is linked to the physical system.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Whether to force a reboot (even when the system is already booted). As a safeguard, without force, `community.general.hpilo_boot` refuses to reboot a server that is already running.
- `idempotent_boot_once` (Boolean) This option makes `state=boot_once` succeed instead of failing when the server is already powered on.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `image` (String) The URL of a cdrom, floppy or usb boot media image in the form `protocol://username:password@hostname:port/filename`. `protocol` is either `http` or `https`. `username:password` is optional. `port` is optional.
- `login` (String) The login name to authenticate to the HP iLO interface.
- `media` (String) The boot media to boot the system from.
- `password` (String) The password to authenticate to the HP iLO interface.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssl_version` (String) Change the ssl_version used.
- `state` (String) The state of the boot media. `no_boot`: Do not boot from the device. `boot_once`: Boot from the device once and then notthereafter. `boot_always`: Boot from the device each time the server is rebooted. `connect`: Connect the virtual media device and set to boot_always. `disconnect`: Disconnects the virtual media device and set to no_boot. `poweroff`: Power off the server.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
