---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_drs_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_drs_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_name` (String) Cluster to create vm/host group.
- `group_name` (String) The name of the group to create or remove.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datacenter` (String) Datacenter to search for given cluster. If not set, we use first cluster we encounter with `cluster_name`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hosts` (String) List of hosts to create in group. Required if `vms` is not set. `hosts` and `vms` are mutually exclusive parameters.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If set to `present` and the group doesn't exists then the group will be created. If set to `absent` and the group exists then the group will be deleted.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vms` (String) List of vms to create in group. Required if `hosts` is not set. `hosts` and `vms` are mutually exclusive parameters.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `drs_group_facts` (String) Metadata about DRS group created
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
