---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_github_release Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_github_release (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action` (String) Action to perform.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `repo` (String) Repository name.
- `user` (String) The GitHub account that owns the repository.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `body` (String) Description of the release when creating a release.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `draft` (Boolean) Sets if the release is a draft or not. (boolean).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Name of release when creating a release.
- `password` (String) The GitHub account password for the user. Mutually exclusive with `token`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prerelease` (Boolean) Sets if the release is a prerelease or not. (boolean).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tag` (String) Tag name when creating a release. Required when using `action=create_release`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target` (String) Target of release when creating a release.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) GitHub Personal Access Token for authenticating. Mutually exclusive with `password`.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
