---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ipwcli_dns Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ipwcli_dns (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `container` (String) Sets the container zone for the record.
- `dnsname` (String) Name of the record.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `password` (String) Password to login on ipwcli.
- `type` (String) Type of the record.
- `username` (String) Username to login on ipwcli.

### Optional

- `address` (String) The IP address for the A or AAAA record. Required for `type=A` or `type=AAAA`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `flags` (String) Sets one of the possible flags of NAPTR record. Required for `type=NAPTR`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `order` (Number) Sets the order of the NAPTR record. Required for `type=NAPTR`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) Sets the port of the SRV record. Required for `type=SRV`.
- `preference` (Number) Sets the preference of the NAPTR record. Required for `type=NAPTR`.
- `priority` (Number) Sets the priority of the SRV record.
- `replacement` (String) Sets the replacement of the NAPTR record. Required for `type=NAPTR`.
- `service` (String) Sets the service of the NAPTR record. Required for `type=NAPTR`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the record should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target` (String) Sets the target of the SRV record. Required for `type=SRV`.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `ttl` (Number) Sets the TTL of the record.
- `weight` (Number) Sets the weight of the SRV record.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `record` (String) The created record from the input params.
