---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_mongodb_mongodb_shell Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_mongodb_mongodb_shell (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `additional_args` (String) Additional arguments to supply to the mongo command. Supply as key-value pairs. If the parameter is a valueless flag supply an empty string as the value.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `db` (String) The database to run commands against
- `debug` (Boolean) show additional debug info.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `eval` (String) A MongoDB command to run.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `file` (String) Path to a file containing MongoDB commands.
- `idempotent` (Boolean) Provides a form of pseudo-idempotency to the module. We perform a hash calculation on the contents of the eval key or the file name provided in the file key. When the command is first execute a filed called <hash>.success will be created. The module will not rerun the command if this file exists and idempotent is set to true.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mongo_cmd` (String) The MongoDB shell command. auto - Automatically detect which MongoDB shell command used. Use "mongosh" if available, else use "mongo" command. mongo - This should still work for most cases but you might have problems with json parsinf. Use transform_type of 'raw' is you encounter problems.
- `nodb` (Boolean) Specify a non-default encoding for output.
- `norc` (Boolean) Prevents the shell from sourcing and evaluating ~/.mongorc.js on start up.
- `omit` (String) Parameter to omit from the command line. This should match the parameter name that the MongoDB shell accepts not the module name.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `quiet` (Boolean) Silences output from the shell during the connection process..
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `split_char` (String) Used by the split action in the transform stage.
- `stringify` (Boolean) Wraps the command in eval in JSON.stringify(<js cmd>) (mongo) or EJSON.stringify(<js cmd>) (mongosh). Useful for escaping documents that are returned in Extended JSON format. Automatically set to false when using mongo. Automatically set to true when using mongosh. Set explicitly to override automatic selection.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `transform` (String) Transform the output returned to the user. auto - Attempt to automatically decide the best tranformation. split - Split output on a character. json - parse as json. raw - Return the raw output.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `err` (String) Raw stderr from mongo.
- `failed` (Boolean) Something went wrong.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) A message indicating what has happened.
- `out` (String) Raw stdout from mongo.
- `rc` (Number) Return code from mongo.
- `transformed_output` (String) Output from the mongo command. We attempt to parse this into a list or json where possible.
