---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ufw Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ufw (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Add a comment to the rule. Requires UFW version >=0.35.
- `default` (String) Change the default policy for incoming or outgoing traffic.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete` (Boolean) Delete rule. If `delete=true` and a value is provided for `insert`, then `insert` is ignored.
- `direction` (String) Select direction for a rule or default policy command. Mutually exclusive with `interface_in` and `interface_out`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `from_ip` (String) Source IP address.
- `from_port` (String) Source port.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `insert` (Number) Insert the corresponding rule as rule number NUM. Note that ufw numbers rules starting with 1. If `delete=true` and a value is provided for `insert`, then `insert` is ignored.
- `insert_relative_to` (String) Allows to interpret the index in `insert` relative to a position. `zero` interprets the rule number as an absolute index (that is, 1 is the first rule). `first-ipv4` interprets the rule number relative to the index of the first IPv4 rule, or relative to the position where the first IPv4 rule would be if there is currently none. `last-ipv4` interprets the rule number relative to the index of the last IPv4 rule, or relative to the position where the last IPv4 rule would be if there is currently none. `first-ipv6` interprets the rule number relative to the index of the first IPv6 rule, or relative to the position where the first IPv6 rule would be if there is currently none. `last-ipv6` interprets the rule number relative to the index of the last IPv6 rule, or relative to the position where the last IPv6 rule would be if there is currently none.
- `interface` (String) Specify interface for the rule. The direction (in or out) used for the interface depends on the value of `direction`. See `interface_in` and `interface_out` for routed rules that needs to supply both an input and output interface. Mutually exclusive with `interface_in` and `interface_out`.
- `interface_in` (String) Specify input interface for the rule. This is mutually exclusive with `direction` and `interface`. However, it is compatible with `interface_out` for routed rules.
- `interface_out` (String) Specify output interface for the rule. This is mutually exclusive with `direction` and `interface`. However, it is compatible with `interface_in` for routed rules.
- `log` (Boolean) Log new connections matched to this rule.
- `logging` (String) Toggles logging. Logged packets use the LOG_KERN syslog facility.
- `name` (String) Use profile located in `/etc/ufw/applications.d`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `proto` (String) TCP/IP protocol. The value `vrrp` is supported since community.general 10.3.0.
- `route` (Boolean) Apply the rule to routed/forwarded packets.
- `rule` (String) Add firewall rule.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `enabled` reloads firewall and enables firewall on boot. `disabled` unloads firewall and disables firewall on boot. `reloaded` reloads firewall. `reset` disables and resets firewall to installation defaults.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `to_ip` (String) Destination IP address.
- `to_port` (String) Destination port.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
