---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_psrepository_copy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_psrepository_copy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `exclude` (String) The names of repositories to exclude. Names are interpreted as wildcards. If a name matches both an include (*name*) and *exclude*, it will be excluded.
- `exclude_profiles` (String) The names of user profiles to exclude. If a profile matches both an include (*profiles*) and *exclude_profiles*, it will be excluded. By default, the service account profiles are excluded. To explcitly exclude nothing, set *exclude_profiles=[]*.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) If `True`, this deletes repositories that are not present in the source.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The names of repositories to copy. Names are interpreted as wildcards.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `profiles` (String) The names of user profiles to populate with repositories. Names are interpreted as wildcards. The `Default` profile can also be matched. The `Public` and `All Users` profiles cannot be targeted, as PSRepositories are not loaded from them.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) The full path to the source repositories XML file. Defaults to the repositories registered to the current user.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
