---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_copr Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_copr (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Copr directory name, for example `@copr/copr-dev`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chroot` (String) The name of the chroot that you want to enable/disable/remove in the project, for example `epel-7-x86_64`. Default chroot is determined by the operating system, version of the operating system, and architecture on which the module is run.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `excludepkgs` (String) List of packages to exclude.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host` (String) The Copr host to work with.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `includepkgs` (String) List of packages to include.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `protocol` (String) This indicate which protocol to use with the host.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether to set this project as `enabled`, `disabled`, or `absent`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `repo` (String) Path to the project on the host.
- `repo_filename` (String) The name of the repo file in which the copr project information is stored.
