---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_psrepository Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_psrepository (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the repository to work with.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) If `True`, any differences from the desired state will result in the repository being unregistered, and then re-registered. *force* has no effect when *state=absent*. See notes for additional context.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `installation_policy` (String) Sets the `InstallationPolicy` of a repository. Will default to `trusted` when creating a new repository or used with *force=True*.
- `password` (String) Password to authenticate against private repository.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `proxy` (String) Proxy to use for repository.
- `publish_location` (String) Specifies the URI for publishing modules to this repository.
- `script_publish_location` (String) Specifies the URI for publishing scripts to this repository.
- `script_source_location` (String) Specifies the URI for discovering and installing scripts from this repository.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_location` (String) Specifies the URI for discovering and installing modules from this repository. A URI can be a NuGet server feed (most common situation), HTTP, HTTPS, FTP or file location. Required when registering a new repository or using *force=True*.
- `state` (String) If `present` a new repository is added or updated. If `absent` a repository is removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Username to authenticate against private repository.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
