---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_rabbitmq_rabbitmq_queue Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_rabbitmq_rabbitmq_queue (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the queue.

### Optional

- `arguments` (String) extra arguments for queue. If defined this argument is a key/value dictionary Arguments here take precedence over parameters. If both are defined, the argument will be used.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_delete` (Boolean) if the queue should delete itself after all queues/queues unbound from it.
- `auto_expires` (Number) How long a queue can be unused before it is automatically deleted (milliseconds).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `dead_letter_exchange` (String) Optional name of an exchange to which messages will be republished if they are rejected or expire.
- `dead_letter_routing_key` (String) Optional replacement routing key to use when a message is dead-lettered. Original routing key will be used if unset.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `durable` (Boolean) whether queue is durable or not.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `max_length` (Number) How many messages can the queue contain before it starts rejecting.
- `max_priority` (Number) Maximum number of priority levels for the queue to support. If not set, the queue will not support message priorities. Larger numbers indicate higher priority.
- `message_ttl` (Number) How long a message can live in queue before it is discarded (milliseconds).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the queue should be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
