---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `username` (String) Username. username is the unique identifier used and cannot be updated using this module.

### Optional

- `after_login_url` (String) URL of the page to redirect the user to after logging in.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `autologin` (Boolean) Whether to enable auto-login. If enable autologin, cannot enable autologout.
- `autologout` (String) User session life time in seconds. If set to 0, the session will never expire. If enable autologout, cannot enable autologin.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `current_passwd` (String) Current password for the user when overriding its password. Required when overriding the logged in user's password. https://www.zabbix.com/documentation/6.4/en/manual/api/reference/user/update
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lang` (String) Language code of the user's language.
- `name` (String) Name of the user.
- `override_passwd` (Boolean) Override password for the user. Password will not be updated on subsequent runs without setting this value to yes.
- `passwd` (String) User's password. Required unless all of the *usrgrps* are set to use LDAP as frontend access.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `refresh` (String) Automatic refresh period in seconds.
- `role_name` (String) User's role. Default is `User role` when creating a new user. The default value will be removed at the version 2.0.0.
- `rows_per_page` (String) Amount of object rows to show per page.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the user. On `present`, it will create if user does not exist or update the user if the associated data is different. On `absent` will remove a user if it exists.
- `surname` (String) Surname of the user.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `theme` (String) User's theme.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timezone` (String) User's time zone. For the full list of supported time zones please refer to https://www.php.net/manual/en/timezones.php
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_medias` (String) Set the user's media. If not set, makes no changes to media.
- `usrgrps` (String) User groups to add the user to. Required when *state=present*.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `user_ids` (String) User id created or changed
