---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_sap_libs_sap_hostctrl_exec Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_sap_libs_sap_hostctrl_exec (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `function` (String) The function to execute.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Forces the execution of the function `Stop`.
- `hostname` (String) The hostname to connect to the sapstartsrv. Could be an IP address, FQDN or hostname.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `parameters` (String) A dictionary containing all the parameters to pass to the function. This option is mandatory for most of the functions, only a few like ListInstances or ListDatabases can be run without option. Be careful, no validation is done by this module regarding the suboptions. An analysis of the WSDL file must be done to provide correct parameters. See also the examples section for more appreciation.
- `password` (String) The password to connect to the sapstartsrv.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) The port number of the sapstartsrv (usually 1128 and 1129). If provided, the module will use always use http connection instead of local socket.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) The username to connect to the sapstartsrv.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Success-message with functionname.
- `out` (String) The full output of the required function.
