---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_one_template Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_one_template (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filter` (String) `user_primary_group` - Resources belonging to the user's primary group. `user` - Resources belonging to the user. `all` - All resources. `user_groups` - Resources belonging to the user and any of his groups.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) A `name` of the template you would like to manage. If a template with the given name does not exist it is created, otherwise it is managed by this module.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `present` - state that is used to manage the template. `absent` - delete the template.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template` (String) A string containing the template contents.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `group_id` (Number) Template's group ID.
- `group_name` (String) Template's group name.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `owner_id` (Number) Template's owner ID.
- `owner_name` (String) Template's owner name.
