---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_ecs_service Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_ecs_service (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the service.
- `state` (String) The desired state of the service.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `capacity_provider_strategy` (String) The capacity provider strategy to use with your service. You can specify a maximum of 6 providers per strategy.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client_token` (String) Unique, case-sensitive identifier you provide to ensure the idempotency of the request. Up to 32 ASCII characters are allowed.
- `cluster` (String) The name of the cluster in which the service exists. If not specified, the cluster name will be `default`.
- `delay` (Number) The time to wait before checking that the service is available.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deployment_configuration` (String) Optional parameters that control the deployment_configuration. Format is '{"maximum_percent":<integer>, "minimum_healthy_percent":<integer>}
- `deployment_controller` (String) The deployment controller to use for the service. If no deploymenet controller is specified, the ECS controller is used.
- `desired_count` (Number) The count of how many instances of the service. This parameter is required when *state=present*.
- `enable_execute_command` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable the execute command functionality for the containers in the ECS task. If *enable_execute_command=true* execute command functionality is enabled on all containers in the ECS task.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_deletion` (Boolean) Forcibly delete the service. Required when deleting a service with >0 scale, or no target group.
- `force_new_deployment` (Boolean) Force deployment of service even if there are no changes.
- `health_check_grace_period_seconds` (Number) Seconds to wait before health checking the freshly added/updated services.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `launch_type` (String) The launch type on which to run your service.
- `load_balancers` (String) The list of ELBs defined for this service. Load balancers for an existing service cannot be updated, and it is an error to do so. When the deployment controller is CODE_DEPLOY changes to this value are simply ignored, and do not cause an error.
- `network_configuration` (String) Network configuration of the service. Only applicable for task definitions created with *network_mode=awsvpc*.
- `placement_constraints` (String) The placement constraints for the tasks in the service. See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/APIReference/API_PlacementConstraint.html for more details.
- `placement_strategy` (String) The placement strategy objects to use for tasks in your service. You can specify a maximum of 5 strategy rules per service.
- `platform_version` (String) Numeric part of platform version or LATEST See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/platform_versions.html for more details.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `propagate_tags` (String) Propagate tags from ECS task defintition or ECS service to ECS task.
- `purge_placement_constraints` (Boolean) Toggle overwriting of existing placement constraints. This is needed for backwards compatibility. By default *purge_placement_constraints=false*. In release 9.0.0 this will be changed to *purge_placement_constraints=true*.
- `purge_placement_strategy` (Boolean) Toggle overwriting of existing placement strategy. This is needed for backwards compatibility. By default *purge_placement_strategy=false*. In release 9.0.0 this will be changed to *purge_placement_strategy=true*.
- `repeat` (Number) The number of times to check that the service is available.
- `role` (String) The name or full Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the IAM role that allows your Amazon ECS container agent to make calls to your load balancer on your behalf. This parameter is only required if you are using a load balancer with your service in a network mode other than `awsvpc`.
- `scheduling_strategy` (String) The scheduling strategy. Defaults to `REPLICA` if not given to preserve previous behavior.
- `service_registries` (String) Describes service discovery registries this service will register with.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `task_definition` (String) The task definition the service will run. This parameter is required when *state=present* unless *force_new_deployment=True*. This parameter is ignored when updating a service with a `CODE_DEPLOY` deployment controller in which case the task definition is managed by Code Pipeline and cannot be updated.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether or not to wait for the service to be inactive. Waits only when *state* is `absent`.

### Read-Only

- `ansible_facts` (String) Facts about deleted service.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `service` (String) Details of created service.
