---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_vm_vm_drs_rule Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_vm_vm_drs_rule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_name` (String) Desired cluster name where virtual machines are present for the DRS rule.
- `drs_rule_name` (String) The name of the DRS rule to manage.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `affinity_rule` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the DRS rule will be an Affinity rule. If set to `false`, the DRS rule will be an Anti-Affinity rule. Effective only if `state=present`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datacenter` (String) Datacenter to search for given cluster. If not set, we use first cluster we encounter with `cluster_name`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the DRS rule will be enabled. Effective only if `state=present`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mandatory` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the DRS rule will be mandatory. Effective only if `state=present`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If set to `present`, then the DRS rule is created if not present. If set to `present`, then the DRS rule is already present, it updates to the given configurations. If set to `absent`, then the DRS rule is deleted if present.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vms` (String) List of virtual machines name for which DRS rule needs to be applied. Required if `state=present`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) metadata about DRS VM and VM rule
