---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_iis_virtualdirectory Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_iis_virtualdirectory (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the virtual directory to create or remove.
- `site` (String) The site name under which the virtual directory is created or exists.

### Optional

- `application` (String) The application under which the virtual directory is created or exists.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connect_as` (String) The type of authentication to use for the virtual directory. Either `pass_through` or `specific_user` If `pass_through`, IIS will use the identity of the user or application pool identity to access the physical path. If `specific_user`, IIS will use the credentials provided in *username* and *password* to access the physical path.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) The password associated with *username*. Required when *connect_as* is set to `specific_user`.
- `physical_path` (String) The physical path to the folder in which the new virtual directory is created. The specified folder must already exist.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether to add or remove the specified virtual directory. Removing will remove the virtual directory and all under it (Recursively).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Specifies the user name of an account that can access configuration files and content for the virtual directory. Required when *connect_as* is set to `specific_user`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
