---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_scaleway_compute Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_scaleway_compute (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `commercial_type` (String) Commercial name of the compute node.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `image` (String) Image identifier used to start the instance with.
- `region` (String) Scaleway compute zone.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable_ipv6` (Boolean) Enable public IPv6 connectivity on the instance.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Name of the instance.
- `organization` (String) Organization identifier. Exactly one of `project` and `organization` must be specified.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) Project identifier. Exactly one of `project` and `organization` must be specified.
- `public_ip` (String) Manage public IP on a Scaleway server. Could be Scaleway IP address UUID. `dynamic` Means that IP is destroyed at the same time the host is destroyed. `absent` Means no public IP at all.
- `security_group` (String) Security group unique identifier. If no value provided, the default security group or current security group is used.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicate desired state of the instance.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait for the instance to reach its desired state before returning.
- `wait_sleep_time` (Number) Time to wait before every attempt to check the state of the server.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) Time to wait for the server to reach the expected state.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
