---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_vertica_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_vertica_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `user` (String) Name of the user to add or remove.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster` (String) Name of the Vertica cluster.
- `db` (String) Name of the Vertica database.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `expired` (Boolean) Sets the user's password expiration.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ldap` (Boolean) Set to `true` if users are authenticated using LDAP. The user is created with password expired and set to `$ldap$`.
- `login_password` (String) The password used to authenticate with.
- `login_user` (String) The username used to authenticate with.
- `password` (String) The user's password encrypted by the MD5 algorithm. The password must be generated with the format `"md5" + md5[password + username]`, resulting in a total of 35 characters. An easy way to do this is by querying the Vertica database with select `'md5'|| md5('<user_password><user_name>'\`).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (String) Vertica cluster port to connect to.
- `profile` (String) Sets the user's profile.
- `resource_pool` (String) Sets the user's resource pool.
- `roles` (String) Comma separated list of roles to assign to the user.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether to create (`present`), drop (`absent`), or lock (`locked`) a user.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
