---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_pagefile Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_pagefile (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `automatic` (Boolean) Configures AutomaticManagedPagefile for the entire system.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `drive` (String) The drive of the pagefile.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `initial_size` (Number) The initial size of the pagefile in megabytes.
- `maximum_size` (Number) The maximum size of the pagefile in megabytes.
- `override` (Boolean) Override the current pagefile on the drive.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remove_all` (Boolean) Remove all pagefiles in the system, not including automatic managed.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the pagefile.
- `system_managed` (Boolean) Configures current pagefile to be managed by the system.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `test_path` (Boolean) Use Test-Path on the drive to make sure the drive is accessible before creating the pagefile.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `automatic_managed_pagefiles` (Boolean) Whether the pagefiles is automatically managed.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `pagefiles` (String) Contains caption, description, initial_size, maximum_size and name for each pagefile in the system.
