---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_docker_docker_compose_v2_run Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_docker_docker_compose_v2_run (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `service` (String) The service to run the command in.

### Optional

- `argv` (String) The command to execute. Since this is a list of arguments, no quoting is needed. `argv` or `command` are mutually exclusive.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `build` (Boolean) Build image before starting container. Note that building can insert information into R`stdout` or R`stderr`.
- `cap_add` (String) Linux capabilities to add to the container.
- `cap_drop` (String) Linux capabilities to drop from the container.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chdir` (String) The directory to run the command in.
- `cleanup` (Boolean) Automatically remove th econtainer when it exits. Corresponds to the `--rm` option of `docker compose run`.
- `command` (String) The command to execute. `argv` or `command` are mutually exclusive.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `detach` (Boolean) Whether to run the command synchronously (`detach=false`, default) or asynchronously (`detach=true`). If set to `true`, `stdin` cannot be provided, and the return values R`stdout`, R`stderr`, and R`rc` are not returned. Instead, the return value R`container_id` is provided.
- `entrypoint` (String) Override the entrypoint of the container image.
- `env` (String) Dictionary of environment variables with their respective values to be passed to the command ran inside the container. Values which might be parsed as numbers, booleans or other types by the YAML parser must be quoted (for example `"true"`) in order to avoid data loss. Please note that if you are passing values in with Jinja2 templates, like `"{{ value }}"`, you need to add `| string` to prevent Ansible to convert strings such as `"true"` back to booleans. The correct way is to use `"{{ value | string }}"`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interactive` (Boolean) Whether to keep STDIN open even if not attached.
- `labels` (String) Add or override labels to the container.
- `name` (String) Assign a name to the container.
- `no_deps` (Boolean) Do not start linked services.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `publish` (String) Publish a container's port(s) to the host.
- `quiet_pull` (Boolean) Pull without printing progress information. Note that pulling can insert information into R`stdout` or R`stderr`.
- `remove_orphans` (Boolean) Remove containers for services not defined in the Compose file.
- `service_ports` (Boolean) Run command with all service's ports enabled and mapped to the host.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `stdin` (String) Set the stdin of the command directly to the specified value. Can only be used if `detach=false`.
- `stdin_add_newline` (Boolean) If set to `true`, appends a newline to `stdin`.
- `strip_empty_ends` (Boolean) Strip empty lines from the end of stdout/stderr in result.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `tty` (Boolean) Whether to allocate a TTY.
- `use_aliases` (Boolean) Use the service's network `useAliases` in the network(s) the container connects to.
- `user` (String) If specified, the user to execute this command with.
- `volumes` (String) Bind mount one or more volumes.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `container_id` (String) The ID of the created container.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `rc` (Number) The exit code of the command.
- `stderr` (String) The standard error output of the container command.
- `stdout` (String) The standard output of the container command.
