---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_nosh Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_nosh (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the service to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the service, independently of `*.preset` file preference or running state. Mutually exclusive with `preset`. It takes effect prior to `state=reset`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `preset` (Boolean) Enable or disable the service according to local preferences in `*.preset` files. Mutually exclusive with `enabled`. Only has an effect if set to true. It takes effect prior to `state=reset`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `started`/`stopped` are idempotent actions that do not run commands unless necessary. `restarted` always bounces the service. `reloaded` sends a SIGHUP or starts the service. `reset` starts or stops the service according to whether it is enabled or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user` (Boolean) Run system-control talking to the calling user's service manager, rather than the system-wide service manager.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `service_path` (String) Resolved path for the service.
- `status` (String) A dictionary with the key=value pairs returned by `system-control show-json` or `none` if the service is not loaded.
