---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_docker_docker_network Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_docker_docker_network (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the network to operate on.

### Optional

- `appends` (Boolean) By default the connected list is canonical, meaning containers not on the list are removed from the network. Use `appends` to leave existing containers connected.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attachable` (Boolean) If enabled, and the network is in the global scope, non-service containers on worker nodes will be able to connect to the network.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config_from` (String) Specifies the config only network to use the config from.
- `config_only` (Boolean) Sets that this is a config only network.
- `connected` (String) List of container names or container IDs to connect to a network. Please note that the module only makes sure that these containers are connected to the network, but does not care about connection options. If you rely on specific IP addresses and so on, use the `community.docker.docker_container` module to ensure your containers are correctly connected to this network.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `driver` (String) Specify the type of network. Docker provides bridge and overlay drivers, but 3rd party drivers can also be used.
- `driver_options` (String) Dictionary of network settings. Consult docker docs for valid options and values.
- `enable_ipv4` (Boolean) Enable IPv4 networking. This is enabled by default, but can be explicitly disabled. Requires Docker API 1.47 or newer.
- `enable_ipv6` (Boolean) Enable IPv6 networking.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) With state `present` will disconnect all containers for existing networks, delete the network and re-create the network. This option is required if you have changed the IPAM or driver options and want an existing network to be updated to use the new options.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ingress` (Boolean) Enable Swarm routing-mesh.
- `internal` (Boolean) Restrict external access to the network.
- `ipam_config` (String) List of IPAM config blocks. Consult [Docker docs](https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/compose-file-v2/#ipam) for valid options and values. Note that `ipam_config[].iprange` is spelled differently here (we use the notation from the Docker SDK for Python).
- `ipam_driver` (String) Specify an IPAM driver.
- `ipam_driver_options` (String) Dictionary of IPAM driver options.
- `labels` (String) Dictionary of labels.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `scope` (String) Specify the network's scope.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `absent` deletes the network. If a network has connected containers, these will be detached from the network. `present` creates the network, if it does not already exist with the specified parameters, and connects the list of containers provided by the `connected` parameter. Containers not on the list will be disconnected. An empty list will leave no containers connected to the network. Use the `appends` option to leave existing containers connected. Use the `force` options to force re-creation of the network.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `network` (String) Network inspection results for the affected network.
