---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_okd_k8s Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_okd_k8s (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `append_hash` (Boolean) Whether to append a hash to a resource name for immutability purposes Applies only to ConfigMap and Secret resources The parameter will be silently ignored for other resource kinds The full definition of an object is needed to generate the hash - this means that deleting an object created with append_hash will only work if the same object is passed with state=absent (alternatively, just use state=absent with the name including the generated hash and append_hash=no)
- `apply` (Boolean) `apply` compares the desired resource definition with the previously supplied resource definition, ignoring properties that are automatically generated `apply` works better with Services than 'force=yes' mutually exclusive with `merge_type`
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `continue_on_error` (Boolean) Whether to continue on creation/deletion errors when multiple resources are defined. This has no effect on the validation step which is controlled by the `validate.fail_on_error` parameter.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) If set to `yes`, and *state* is `present`, an existing object will be replaced.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `merge_type` (String) Whether to override the default patch merge approach with a specific type. By default, the strategic merge will typically be used. For example, Custom Resource Definitions typically aren't updatable by the usual strategic merge. You may want to use `merge` if you see "strategic merge patch format is not supported" See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/update-api-object-kubectl-patch/#use-a-json-merge-patch-to-update-a-deployment If more than one merge_type is given, the merge_types will be tried in order Defaults to `['strategic-merge', 'merge']`, which is ideal for using the same parameters on resource kinds that combine Custom Resources and built-in resources. mutually exclusive with `apply` *merge_type=json* has been removed in version 4.0.0. Please use `kubernetes.core.k8s_json_patch` instead.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Determines if an object should be created, patched, or deleted. When set to `present`, an object will be created, if it does not already exist. If set to `absent`, an existing object will be deleted. If set to `present`, an existing object will be patched, if its attributes differ from those specified using *resource_definition* or *src*. `patched` state is an existing resource that has a given patch applied. If the resource doesn't exist, silently skip it (do not raise an error).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template` (String) Provide a valid YAML template definition file for an object when creating or updating. Value can be provided as string or dictionary. Mutually exclusive with `src` and `resource_definition`. Template files needs to be present on the Ansible Controller's file system. Additional parameters can be specified using dictionary. Valid additional parameters -  `newline_sequence` (str): Specify the newline sequence to use for templating files. valid choices are "\n", "\r", "\r\n". Default value "\n". `block_start_string` (str): The string marking the beginning of a block. Default value "{%". `block_end_string` (str): The string marking the end of a block. Default value "%}". `variable_start_string` (str): The string marking the beginning of a print statement. Default value "{{". `variable_end_string` (str): The string marking the end of a print statement. Default value "}}". `trim_blocks` (bool): Determine when newlines should be removed from blocks. When set to `yes` the first newline after a block is removed (block, not variable tag!). Default value is true. `lstrip_blocks` (bool): Determine when leading spaces and tabs should be stripped. When set to `yes` leading spaces and tabs are stripped from the start of a line to a block. This functionality requires Jinja 2.7 or newer. Default value is false.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate` (String) how (if at all) to validate the resource definition against the kubernetes schema. Requires the kubernetes-validate python module

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) The created, patched, or otherwise present object. Will be empty in the case of a deletion.
