---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_homebrew Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_homebrew (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_formula` (Boolean) Force the package(s) to be treated as a formula (equivalent to `brew --formula`). To install a cask, use the `community.general.homebrew_cask` module.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `install_options` (String) Options flags to install a package.
- `name` (String) A list of names of packages to install/remove.
- `path` (String) A `:` separated list of paths to search for `brew` executable. Since a package (*formula* in homebrew parlance) location is prefixed relative to the actual path of `brew` command, providing an alternative `brew` path enables managing different set of packages in an alternative location in the system.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the package.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_homebrew` (Boolean) Update homebrew itself first.
- `upgrade_all` (Boolean) Upgrade all homebrew packages.
- `upgrade_options` (String) Option flags to upgrade.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `changed_pkgs` (String) List of package names which are changed after module run.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) If the cache was updated or not.
- `unchanged_pkgs` (String) List of package names which are unchanged after module run.
