---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filter` (String) Limit the collected information by comma separated string or YAML list. Allowable values are `version`, `databases`, `in_recovery`, `settings`, `tablespaces`, `roles`, `replications`, `repl_slots`. By default, collects all subsets. You can use shell-style (fnmatch) wildcard to pass groups of values (see Examples). You can use '!' before value (for example, `!settings`) to exclude it from the information. If you pass including and excluding values to the filter, for example, *filter=!settings,ver*, the excluding values will be ignored.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `login_db` (String) Name of database to connect.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `session_role` (String) Switch to session_role after connecting. The specified session_role must be a role that the current login_user is a member of. Permissions checking for SQL commands is carried out as though the session_role were the one that had logged in originally.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trust_input` (Boolean) If `false`, check whether a value of *session_role* is potentially dangerous. It makes sense to use `false` only when SQL injections via *session_role* are possible.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `databases` (String) Information about databases.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `in_recovery` (Boolean) Indicates if the service is in recovery mode or not.
- `pending_restart_settings` (String) List of changed settings that will take effect upon restart .
- `repl_slots` (String) Replication slots (available in 9.4 and later).
- `replications` (String) Information about the current replications by process PIDs.
- `roles` (String) Information about roles.
- `settings` (String) Information about run-time server parameters.
- `tablespaces` (String) Information about tablespaces.
- `version` (String) Database server version.
