---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_codebuild_project Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_codebuild_project (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the CodeBuild project.

### Optional

- `artifacts` (String) Information about the build output artifacts for the build project. *artifacts* is required when creating a new project.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cache` (String) Caching params to speed up following builds.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Descriptive text of the CodeBuild project.
- `encryption_key` (String) The AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer master key (CMK) to be used for encrypting the build output artifacts.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `service_role` (String) The ARN of the AWS IAM role that enables AWS CodeBuild to interact with dependent AWS services on behalf of the AWS account.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) Configure service and location for the build input source. *source* is required when creating a new project.
- `state` (String) Create or remove CodeBuild project.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timeout_in_minutes` (Number) How long CodeBuild should wait until timing out any build that has not been marked as completed.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vpc_config` (String) The VPC config enables AWS CodeBuild to access resources in an Amazon VPC.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `project` (String) Returns the dictionary describing the code project configuration.
