---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_bundler Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_bundler (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `binstub_directory` (String) Only applies if `state=present`. Specifies the directory to install any gem bins files to. When executed the bin files run within the context of the Gemfile and fail if any required gem dependencies are not installed. If `chdir` is set then this path is relative to `chdir`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chdir` (String) The directory to execute the bundler commands from. This directory needs to contain a valid Gemfile or .bundle/ directory. If not specified, it defaults to the temporary working directory.
- `clean` (Boolean) Only applies if `state=present`. If set removes any gems on the target host that are not in the gemfile.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deployment_mode` (Boolean) Only applies if `state=present`. If set it installs gems in `./vendor/bundle` instead of the default location. Requires a `Gemfile.lock` file to have been created prior.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `exclude_groups` (String) A list of Gemfile groups to exclude during operations. This only applies when `state=present`. Bundler considers this a 'remembered' property for the Gemfile and automatically excludes groups in future operations even if `exclude_groups` is not set.
- `executable` (String) The path to the bundler executable.
- `extra_args` (String) A space separated string of additional commands that can be applied to the Bundler command. Refer to the Bundler documentation for more information.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gem_path` (String) Only applies if `state=present`. Specifies the directory to install the gems into. If `chdir` is set then this path is relative to `chdir`. If not specified the default RubyGems gem paths are used.
- `gemfile` (String) Only applies if `state=present`. The path to the gemfile to use to install gems. If not specified it defaults to the Gemfile in current directory.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `local` (Boolean) If set only installs gems from the cache on the target host.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The desired state of the Gem bundle. `latest` updates gems to the most recent, acceptable version.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_install` (Boolean) Only applies if `state=present`. Installs gems in the local user's cache or for all users.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
