---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_nagios Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_nagios (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action` (String) Action to take. The `acknowledge` and `forced_check` actions were added in community.general 1.2.0.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `author` (String) Author to leave downtime comments as. Only used when `action` is `downtime` or `acknowledge`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cmdfile` (String) Path to the nagios *command file* (FIFO pipe). Only required if auto-detection fails.
- `command` (String) The raw command to send to Nagios, which should not include the submitted time header or the line-feed. **Required** option when `action=command`.
- `comment` (String) Comment when `action` is `downtime` or `acknowledge`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host` (String) Host to operate on in Nagios.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `minutes` (Number) Minutes to schedule downtime for. Only usable with `action=downtime`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `servicegroup` (String) The Servicegroup we want to set downtimes/alerts for. **Required** option when using the `servicegroup_service_downtime` and `servicegroup_host_downtime` `action`.
- `services` (String) What to manage downtime/alerts for. Separate multiple services with commas. **Required** option when `action` is one of: `downtime`, `acknowledge`, `forced_check`, `enable_alerts`, `disable_alerts`. When specifying what `services` to handle there is a special service value, `host`, which handles alerts/downtime/acknowledge for the *host itself*, for example `services=host`. This keyword may not be given with other services at the same time. **Setting alerts/downtime/acknowledge for a host does not affect alerts/downtime/acknowledge for any of the services running on it.** To schedule downtime for all `services` on particular host use keyword `all`, for example `services=all`. Before community.general 11.2.0, one could specify multiple services at once by separating them with commas, for example `services=httpd,nfs,puppet`. Since community.general 11.2.0, there can be spaces around the commas, and an actual list can be provided.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `start` (String) When downtime should start, in `time_t` format (epoch seconds).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
