---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_subnet Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_subnet (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `subnet` (String) Subnet CIDR.
- `vnet` (String) The virtual network to which the subnet belongs.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete` (String) A list of settings you want to delete.
- `dhcp_dns_server` (String) IP address for the DNS server.
- `dhcp_range` (String) Range of IP addresses for DHCP.
- `dhcp_range_update_mode` (String) Only applicable for `state=present` and it will honor and only make changes when `update=true` If set to append and new dhcp_range passed it will just append to existing ranges. And If no dhcp_range passed and there are existing ranges it will just ignore existing ranges and only update other params if needed If set to overwrite and new dhcp_range passed it will overwrite existing ranges. If no dhcp_range passed and there are existing ranges it will delete all dhcp_ranges
- `dnszoneprefix` (String) Prefix for the DNS zone.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gateway` (String) Subnet Gateway. Will be assign on vnet for layer3 zones.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lock_token` (String) the token for unlocking the global SDN configuration.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snat` (Boolean) Enable Source NAT for the subnet.
- `state` (String) Desired state of the subnet configuration.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update` (Boolean) If `state=present` then it will update the subnet if needed.
- `zone` (String) Vnet Zone.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
