---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_network Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_network (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `allow_guest_os_mtu_change` (Boolean) Allows the guest OS to change the MTU on a SR-IOV network adapter. This option is only compatible for SR-IOV network adapters.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster` (String) Name of cluster where VM belongs to.
- `connected` (Boolean) If NIC should be connected to the network.
- `datacenter` (String) Datacenter the VM belongs to.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device_type` (String) Type of virtual network device. Valid choices are - `e1000`, `e1000e`, `pcnet32`, `vmxnet2`, `vmxnet3` (default), `sriov`, `pvrdma`.
- `directpath_io` (Boolean) Enable Universal Pass-through (UPT). Only compatible with the `device_type=vmxnet3`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `esxi_hostname` (String) The hostname of the ESXi host where the VM belongs to.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Folder location of given VM, this is only required when there's multiple VM's with the same name.
- `force` (Boolean) Force adapter creation even if an existing adapter is attached to the same network.
- `gather_network_info` (Boolean) Return information about current guest network adapters.
- `guest_control` (Boolean) Enables guest control over whether the connectable device is connected.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `label` (String) Label of the NIC that should be altered. `mac_address` or `label` should be set to get the corresponding device to reconfigure. Alter the name of the network adapter.
- `mac_address` (String) MAC address of the NIC that should be altered, if a MAC address is not supplied a new nic will be created. Required when `state=absent`.
- `moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the instance to manage if known, this is a unique identifier only within a single vCenter instance. Required if `uuid` or `name` is not supplied.
- `name` (String) Name of virtual machine Required if `uuid` or `moid` is not supplied.
- `network_name` (String) Name of network in vSphere. Work faster then o(vlan_id) for big infrastructure with many networks.
- `physical_function_backing` (String) If set, specifies the PCI ID of the physical function to use as backing for a SR-IOV network adapter. This option is only compatible for SR-IOV network adapters.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pvrdma_device_protocol` (String) The PVRDMA device protocol used. Valid choices are - `rocev1`, `rocev2`. This parameter is only used on the VM with hardware version >=14 and <= 19.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `start_connected` (Boolean) If NIC should be connected to network on startup.
- `state` (String) NIC state. When `present`, a nic will be added if a mac address or label does not previously exists or is unset. When `absent`, the `mac_address` parameter has to be set.
- `switch` (String) Name of the (dv)switch for destination network, this is only required for dvswitches.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_instance_uuid` (Boolean) Whether to use the VMware instance UUID rather than the BIOS UUID.
- `uuid` (String) vm uuid Required if `name` or `moid` is not supplied.
- `virtual_function_backing` (String) If set, specifies the PCI ID of the physical function to use as backing for a SR-IOV network adapter. This option is only compatible for SR-IOV network adapters.
- `vlan_id` (Number) VLAN id associated with the network.
- `wake_onlan` (Boolean) Enable wake on LAN.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `network_data` (String) For backwards compatibility, metadata about the virtual machine network adapters
- `network_info` (String) metadata about the virtual machine network adapters
