---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_sequence Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_sequence (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `sequence` (String) The name of the sequence.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cache` (Number) Cache specifies how many sequence numbers are to be preallocated and stored in memory for faster access. The minimum value is 1 (only one value can be generated at a time, i.e., no cache), and this is also the default.
- `cascade` (Boolean) Automatically drop objects that depend on the sequence, and in turn all objects that depend on those objects. Ignored if *state=present*. Only used with *state=absent*.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cycle` (Boolean) The cycle option allows the sequence to wrap around when the *maxvalue* or *minvalue* has been reached by an ascending or descending sequence respectively. If the limit is reached, the next number generated will be the minvalue or maxvalue, respectively. If `false` (NO CYCLE) is specified, any calls to nextval after the sequence has reached its maximum value will return an error. False (NO CYCLE) is the default.
- `data_type` (String) Specifies the data type of the sequence. Valid types are bigint, integer, and smallint. bigint is the default. The data type determines the default minimum and maximum values of the sequence. For more info see the documentation https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-createsequence.html. Supported from PostgreSQL 10.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `increment` (Number) Increment specifies which value is added to the current sequence value to create a new value. A positive value will make an ascending sequence, a negative one a descending sequence. The default value is 1.
- `login_db` (String) Name of database to connect to and run queries against. The `db` and `database` aliases are deprecated and will be removed in version 5.0.0.
- `maxvalue` (Number) Maxvalue determines the maximum value for the sequence. The default for an ascending sequence is the maximum value of the data type. The default for a descending sequence is -1.
- `minvalue` (Number) Minvalue determines the minimum value a sequence can generate. The default for an ascending sequence is 1. The default for a descending sequence is the minimum value of the data type.
- `newschema` (String) The new schema for the *sequence*. Will be used for moving a *sequence* to another *schema*. Works only for existing sequences.
- `owner` (String) Set the owner for the *sequence*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rename_to` (String) DEPRECATED (see the [discussion](https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.postgresql/issues/820)). This option will be removed in version 5.0.0. To rename a sequence, use the `community.postgresql.postgresql_query` module. The new name for the *sequence*. Works only for existing sequences.
- `schema` (String) The schema of the *sequence*. This is be used to create and relocate a *sequence* in the given schema.
- `session_role` (String) Switch to session_role after connecting. The specified *session_role* must be a role that the current *login_user* is a member of. Permissions checking for SQL commands is carried out as though the *session_role* were the one that had logged in originally.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `start` (Number) Start allows the sequence to begin anywhere. The default starting value is *minvalue* for ascending sequences and *maxvalue* for descending ones.
- `state` (String) The sequence state. If *state=absent* other options will be ignored except of *name* and *schema*.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trust_input` (Boolean) If `false`, check whether values of parameters *sequence*, *schema*, *rename_to*, *owner*, *newschema*, *session_role* are potentially dangerous. It makes sense to use `false` only when SQL injections via the parameters are possible.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `newname` (String) Shows the new sequence name after rename.
- `queries` (String) List of queries that was tried to be executed.
