---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_dvs_host Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_dvs_host (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `esxi_hostname` (String) The ESXi hostname.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `switch_name` (String) The name of the Distributed vSwitch.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lag_uplinks` (String) The ESXi hosts vmnics to use with specific LAGs. If unset, the current LAG uplinks will be kept. If set, LAG uplinks will be set to *exactly* this list. So you always have to define the complete LAG uplink configuration; if you don't, you might loose LAG uplinks. To remove all LAG uplinks, use the empty list `[]`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If the host should be present or absent attached to the vSwitch.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vendor_specific_config` (String) List of key, value dictionaries for the Vendor Specific Configuration.
- `vmnics` (String) The ESXi hosts vmnics to use with the Distributed vSwitch. If unset, the current non-LAG uplinks will be kept. To remove all non-LAG uplinks, use the empty list `[]`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
