---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_nssm Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_nssm (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the service to operate on.

### Optional

- `app_environment` (String) Key/Value pairs which will be added to the environment of the service application.
- `app_rotate_bytes` (Number) NSSM will not rotate any file which is smaller than the configured number of bytes.
- `app_rotate_online` (Number) If set to 1, nssm can rotate files which grow to the configured file size limit while the service is running.
- `app_stop_method_console` (Number) Time to wait after sending Control-C.
- `app_stop_method_skip` (Number) To disable service shutdown methods, set to the sum of one or more of the numbers 1 - Don't send Control-C to the console. 2 - Don't send WM_CLOSE to windows. 4 - Don't send WM_QUIT to threads. 8 - Don't call TerminateProcess().
- `application` (String) The application binary to run as a service Required when *state* is `present`, `started`, `stopped`, or `restarted`.
- `arguments` (String) Parameters to be passed to the application when it starts. This can be either a simple string or a list.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dependencies` (String) Service dependencies that has to be started to trigger startup, separated by comma.
- `description` (String) The description to set for the service.
- `display_name` (String) The display name to set for the service.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) The location of the NSSM utility (in case it is not located in your PATH).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) Password to be used for service startup. This is not required for the well known service accounts and group managed service accounts.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `start_mode` (String) If `auto` is selected, the service will start at bootup. `delayed` causes a delayed but automatic start after boot. `manual` means that the service will start only when another service needs it. `disabled` means that the service will stay off, regardless if it is needed or not.
- `state` (String) State of the service on the system.
- `stderr_file` (String) Path to receive error output.
- `stdout_file` (String) Path to receive output.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) User to be used for service startup. Group managed service accounts must end with `$`. Before `1.8.0`, this parameter was just `user`.
- `working_directory` (String) The working directory to run the service executable from (defaults to the directory containing the application binary)

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
