---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_net_adapter_feature Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_net_adapter_feature (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `component_id` (String) Specify the below component_id of network adapters. component_id (DisplayName) `ms_implat` (Microsoft Network Adapter Multiplexor Protocol) `ms_lltdio` (Link-Layer Topology Discovery Mapper I/O Driver) `ms_tcpip6` (Internet Protocol Version 6 (TCP/IPv6)) `ms_tcpip` (Internet Protocol Version 4 (TCP/IPv4)) `ms_lldp` (Microsoft LLDP Protocol Driver) `ms_rspndr` (Link-Layer Topology Discovery Responder) `ms_msclient` (Client for Microsoft Networks) `ms_pacer` (QoS Packet Scheduler) If you'd like to set custom adapters like 'Juniper Network Service', get the *component_id* by running the `Get-NetAdapterBinding` cmdlet.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `interface` (String) Name of Network Adapter Interface. For example, `Ethernet0` or `*`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specify the state of ms_tcpip6 of interfaces.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
