---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_script Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_script (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encoding` (String) Set the client encoding for the current session (e.g. `UTF-8`). The default is the encoding defined by the database.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `login_db` (String) Name of database to connect to and run queries against. The `db` alias is deprecated and will be removed in version 5.0.0.
- `named_args` (String) Dictionary of key-value arguments to substitute variable placeholders within the file content. When the value is a list, it will be converted to PostgreSQL array. Mutually exclusive with *positional_args*.
- `path` (String) Path to a SQL script on the target machine. To upload dumps, the preferable way is to use the `community.postgresql.postgresql_db` module with *state=restore*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `positional_args` (String) List of values to substitute variable placeholders within the file content. When the value is a list, it will be converted to PostgreSQL array. Mutually exclusive with *named_args*.
- `search_path` (String) Overrides the list of schemas to search for db objects in.
- `session_role` (String) Switch to `session_role` after connecting. The specified role must be a role that the current `login_user` is a member of. Permissions checking for SQL commands is carried out as though the `session_role` were the one that had logged in originally.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trust_input` (Boolean) If `false`, check whether a value of *session_role* is potentially dangerous. It makes sense to use `false` only when SQL injections via *session_role* are possible.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `query` (String) Executed query. When the `positional_args` or `named_args` options are used, the query contains all variables that were substituted inside the database connector.
- `query_result` (String) List of dictionaries in the column:value form representing returned rows. When there are several statements in the script, returns result of the last statement.
- `rowcount` (Number) Number of produced or affected rows. When there are several statements in the script, returns a number of rows affected by the last statement.
- `statusmessage` (String) Attribute containing the message returned by the database connector after executing the script content. When there are several statements in the script, returns a message related to the last statement.
