---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_xdg_mime Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_xdg_mime (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `handler` (String) Sets the default handler for the specified MIME types. The desktop file must be installed in the system. If the desktop file is not installed, the module does not fail, but the handler is not set either. You must pass a handler in the form `*.desktop`, otherwise the module fails.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `mime_types` (String) One or more MIME types for which a default handler is set.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `current_handlers` (String) Currently set handlers for the passed MIME types.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `version` (String) Version of the `xdg-mime` tool.
