---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_rds_rap Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_rds_rap (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the resource authorization policy.

### Optional

- `allowed_ports` (String) List of port numbers through which connections are allowed for this policy. To allow connections through any port, specify 'any'.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `computer_group` (String) The computer group name that is associated with this resource authorization policy (RAP). This is required when *computer_group_type* is `rdg_group` or `ad_network_resource_group`.
- `computer_group_type` (String) The computer group type: `rdg_group`: RD Gateway-managed group `ad_network_resource_group`: Active Directory Domain Services network resource group `allow_any`: Allow users to connect to any network resource.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Optional description of the resource authorization policy.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of resource authorization policy. If `absent` will ensure the policy is removed. If `present` will ensure the policy is configured and exists. If `enabled` will ensure the policy is configured, exists and enabled. If `disabled` will ensure the policy is configured, exists, but disabled.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_groups` (String) List of user groups that are associated with this resource authorization policy (RAP). A user must belong to one of these groups to access the RD Gateway server. Required when a new RAP is created.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
