---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_influxdb_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_influxdb_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `user_name` (String) Name of the user.

### Optional

- `admin` (Boolean) Whether the user should be in the admin role or not. Since version 2.8, the role is also updated.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `grants` (String) Privileges to grant to this user. Takes a list of dicts containing the "database" and "privilege" keys. If this argument is not provided, the current grants are left alone. If an empty list is provided, all grants for the user are removed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the user.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_password` (String) Password to be set for the user.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
