---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_host Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_host (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datacenter_name` (String) Name of the datacenter to add the host.
- `esxi_hostname` (String) ESXi hostname to manage.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `add_connected` (Boolean) If set to `true`, then the host should be connected as soon as it is added. This parameter is ignored if not `state=present`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the cluster to add the host. If `folder` is not set, then this parameter is required.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `esxi_password` (String) ESXi password. Required for adding a host. Optional for reconnect. Unused for removing. No longer a required parameter from version 2.5.
- `esxi_ssl_thumbprint` (String) Specifying the hostsystem certificate's thumbprint. Use following command to get hostsystem certificate's thumbprint -  # openssl x509 -in /etc/vmware/ssl/rui.crt -fingerprint -sha1 -noout
- `esxi_username` (String) ESXi username. Required for adding a host. Optional for reconnect. If both `esxi_username` and `esxi_password` are used Unused for removing. No longer a required parameter from version 2.5.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fetch_ssl_thumbprint` (Boolean) Fetch the thumbprint of the host's SSL certificate. This basically disables the host certificate verification (check if it was signed by a recognized CA). Disable this option if you want to allow only hosts with valid certificates to be added to vCenter. If this option is set to `false` and the certificate can't be verified, an add or reconnect will fail. Unused when `esxi_ssl_thumbprint` is set. Optional for reconnect, but only used if `esxi_username` and `esxi_password` are used. Unused for removing.
- `folder` (String) Name of the folder under which host to add. If `cluster_name` is not set, then this parameter is required. For example, if there is a datacenter 'dc1' under folder called 'Site1' then, this value will be '/Site1/dc1/host'. Here 'host' is an invisible folder under VMware Web Client. Another example, if there is a nested folder structure like '/myhosts/india/pune' under datacenter 'dc2', then `folder` value will be '/dc2/host/myhosts/india/pune'. Other Examples: '/Site2/dc2/Asia-Cluster/host' or '/dc3/Asia-Cluster/host'
- `force_connection` (Boolean) Force the connection if the host is already being managed by another vCenter server.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reconnect_disconnected` (Boolean) Reconnect disconnected hosts. This is only used if `state=present` and if the host already exists.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If set to `present`, add the host if host is absent. If set to `present`, update the location of the host if host already exists. If set to `absent`, remove the host if host is present. If set to `absent`, do nothing if host already does not exists. If set to `add_or_reconnect`, add the host if it's absent else reconnect it and update the location. If set to `reconnect`, then reconnect the host if it's present and update the location. If set to `disconnected`, disconnect the host if the host already exists.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) metadata about the new host system added
