---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_discord Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_discord (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `webhook_id` (String) The webhook ID. Format from Discord webhook URL: `/webhooks/{webhook.id}/{webhook.token}`.
- `webhook_token` (String) The webhook token. Format from Discord webhook URL: `/webhooks/{webhook.id}/{webhook.token}`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `avatar_url` (String) Overrides the default avatar of the webhook.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content` (String) Content of the message to the Discord channel. At least one of `content` and `embeds` must be specified.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `embeds` (String) Send messages as Embeds to the Discord channel. Embeds can have a colored border, embedded images, text fields and more. Allowed parameters are described in the Discord Docs: https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/channel#embed-object. At least one of `content` and `embeds` must be specified.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `tts` (Boolean) Set this to `true` if this is a TTS (Text to Speech) message.
- `username` (String) Overrides the default username of the webhook.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `http_code` (Number) Response Code returned by Discord API.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
