---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_xml Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_xml (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) Path to the file to operate on.
- `xpath` (String) Xpath to select the node or nodes to operate on.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attribute` (String) The attribute name if the type is 'attribute'. Required if `type=attribute`.
- `backup` (Boolean) Determine whether a backup should be created. When set to `yes`, create a backup file including the timestamp information so you can get the original file back if you somehow clobbered it incorrectly.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `count` (Boolean) When set to `yes`, return the number of nodes matched by *xpath*.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fragment` (String) The string representation of the XML fragment expected at xpath.  Since ansible 2.9 not required when *state=absent*, or when *count=yes*.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Set or remove the nodes (or attributes) matched by *xpath*.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The type of XML node you are working with.

### Read-Only

- `backup_file` (String) Name of the backup file that was created.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `err` (String) XML comparison exceptions.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) What was done.
