---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_flatpak_remote Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_flatpak_remote (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The desired name for the flatpak remote to be registered under on the managed host. When used with `state=present`, the remote is added to the managed host under the specified `name`. When used with `state=absent` the remote with that name is removed.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether this remote is enabled.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) The path to the `flatpak` executable to use. By default, this module looks for the `flatpak` executable on the path.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `flatpakrepo_url` (String) The URL to the `flatpakrepo` file representing the repository remote to add. When used with `state=present`, the flatpak remote specified under the `flatpakrepo_url` is added using the specified installation `method`. When used with `state=absent`, this is not required. Required when `state=present`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `method` (String) The installation method to use. Defines if the `flatpak` is supposed to be installed globally for the whole `system` or only for the current `user`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicates the desired package state.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `command` (String) The exact flatpak command that was executed.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
