---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ldap_search Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ldap_search (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dn` (String) The LDAP DN to search in.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attrs` (String) A list of attributes for limiting the result. Use an actual list or a comma-separated string.
- `base64_attributes` (String) If provided, all attribute values returned that are listed in this option are Base64 encoded. If the special value `*` appears in this list, all attributes are Base64 encoded. All other attribute values are converted to UTF-8 strings. If they contain binary data, please note that invalid UTF-8 bytes are omitted.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filter` (String) Used for filtering the LDAP search result.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `page_size` (Number) The page size when performing a simple paged result search (RFC 2696). This setting can be tuned to reduce issues with timeouts and server limits. Setting the page size to `0` (default) disables paged searching.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `schema` (Boolean) Set to `true` to return the full attribute schema of entries, not their attribute values. Overrides `attrs` when provided.
- `scope` (String) The LDAP scope to use. `subordinate` requires the LDAPv3 subordinate feature extension. `children` is equivalent to a "subtree" scope.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
