---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_mysql_mysql_db Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_mysql_mysql_db (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the database to add or remove. *name=all* may only be provided if *state* is `dump` or `import`. List of databases is provided with *state=dump*, *state=present* and *state=absent*. If *name=all* it works like --all-databases option for mysqldump (Added in 2.0).

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chdir` (String) Changes the current working directory. Can be useful, for example, when *state=import* and a dump file contains relative paths.
- `check_implicit_admin` (Boolean) Check if mysql allows login as root/nopassword before trying supplied credentials. If success, passed *login_user*/*login_password* will be ignored.
- `collation` (String) Collation mode (sorting). This only applies to new table/databases and does not update existing ones, this is a limitation of MySQL.
- `config_overrides_defaults` (Boolean) If `yes`, connection parameters from *config_file* will override the default values of *login_host* and *login_port* parameters. Used when *stat* is `present` or `absent`, ignored otherwise. It needs Python 3.5+ as the default interpreter on a target host.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dump_extra_args` (String) Provide additional arguments for mysqldump. Used when *state=dump* only, ignored otherwise.
- `encoding` (String) Encoding mode to use, examples include `utf8` or `latin1_swedish_ci`, at creation of database, dump or importation of sql script.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Continue dump or import even if we get an SQL error. Used only when *state* is `dump` or `import`.
- `hex_blob` (Boolean) Dump binary columns using hexadecimal notation.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_tables` (String) A list of table names that will be ignored in the dump of the form database_name.table_name.
- `master_data` (Number) Option to dump a master replication server to produce a dump file that can be used to set up another server as a slave of the master. `0` to not include master data. `1` to generate a 'CHANGE MASTER TO' statement required on the slave to start the replication process. `2` to generate a commented 'CHANGE MASTER TO'. Can be used when *state=dump*.
- `pipefail` (Boolean) Use `bash` instead of `sh` and add `-o pipefail` to catch errors from the mysql_dump command when *state=dump* and compression is used.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `quick` (Boolean) Option used for dumping large tables.
- `restrict_config_file` (Boolean) Read only passed *config_file*. When *state* is `dump` or `import`, by default the module passes *config_file* parameter using `--defaults-extra-file` command-line argument to `mysql/mysqldump` utilities under the hood that read named option file in addition to usual option files. If this behavior is undesirable, use `yes` to read only named option file.
- `single_transaction` (Boolean) Execute the dump in a single transaction.
- `skip_lock_tables` (Boolean) Skip locking tables for read. Used when *state=dump*, ignored otherwise.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sql_log_bin` (Boolean) Whether binary logging should be enabled or disabled for the connection.
- `state` (String) The database state.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target` (String) Location, on the remote host, of the dump file to read from or write to. Uncompressed SQL files (`.sql`) as well as bzip2 (`.bz2`), gzip (`.gz`), xz (Added in 2.0) and zstd (`.zst`) (Added in 3.12.0) compressed files are supported.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unsafe_login_password` (Boolean) If `no`, the module will safely use a shell-escaped version of the *login_password* value. It makes sense to use `yes` only if there are special symbols in the value and errors `Access denied` occur. Used only when *state* is `import` or `dump` and *login_password* is passed, ignored otherwise.
- `use_shell` (Boolean) Used to prevent `Broken pipe` errors when the imported *target* file is compressed. If `yes`, the module will internally execute commands via a shell. Used when *state=import*, ignored otherwise.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `db` (String) Database names in string format delimited by white space.
- `db_list` (String) List of database names.
- `executed_commands` (String) List of commands which tried to run.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
