---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_host_ntp Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_host_ntp (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `ntp_servers` (String) IP or FQDN of NTP server(s). This accepts a list of NTP servers. For multiple servers, please look at the examples.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the cluster from which all host systems will be used. This parameter is required if `esxi_hostname` is not specified.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `esxi_hostname` (String) Name of the host system to work with. This parameter is required if `cluster_name` is not specified.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `present`: Add NTP server(s), if specified server(s) are absent else do nothing. `absent`: Remove NTP server(s), if specified server(s) are present else do nothing. Specified NTP server(s) will be configured if `state` isn't specified.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `verbose` (Boolean) Verbose output of the configuration change. Explains if an NTP server was added, removed, or if the NTP server sequence was changed.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `host_ntp_status` (String) metadata about host system's NTP configuration
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
