---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ipa_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ipa_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `uid` (String) Uid of the user.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `displayname` (String) Display name.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gidnumber` (String) Posix Group ID.
- `givenname` (String) First name. If user does not exist and `state=present`, the usage of `givenname` is required.
- `homedirectory` (String) Default home directory of the user.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `krbpasswordexpiration` (String) Date at which the user password expires. In the format YYYYMMddHHmmss. For example `20180121182022` expires on 21 January 2018 at 18:20:22.
- `loginshell` (String) Login shell.
- `mail` (String) List of mail addresses assigned to the user. If an empty list is passed all assigned email addresses are deleted. If None is passed email addresses are not checked nor changed.
- `password` (String) Password for a user. It is not set for an existing user unless `update_password=always`, which is the default.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sn` (String) Surname. If user does not exist and `state=present`, the usage of `sn` is required.
- `sshpubkey` (String) List of public SSH key. If an empty list is passed all assigned public keys are deleted. If None is passed SSH public keys are not checked nor changed.
- `state` (String) State to ensure.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `telephonenumber` (String) List of telephone numbers assigned to the user. If an empty list is passed all assigned telephone numbers are deleted. If None is passed telephone numbers are not checked nor changed.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `title` (String) Title.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uidnumber` (String) Account Settings UID/Posix User ID number.
- `update_password` (String) Set password for a user.
- `userauthtype` (String) The authentication type to use for the user. To remove all authentication types from the user, use an empty list `[]`. The choice `idp` and `passkey` has been added in community.general 8.1.0.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `user` (String) User as returned by IPA API.
