---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_elasticache Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_elasticache (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The cache cluster identifier.
- `state` (String) `absent` or `present` are idempotent actions that will create or destroy a cache cluster as needed. `rebooted` will reboot the cluster, resulting in a momentary outage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cache_engine_version` (String) The version number of the cache engine.
- `cache_parameter_group` (String) The name of the cache parameter group to associate with this cache cluster. If this argument is omitted, the default cache parameter group for the specified engine will be used.
- `cache_port` (Number) The port number on which each of the cache nodes will accept connections.
- `cache_security_groups` (String) A list of cache security group names to associate with this cache cluster. Don't use if your Cache is inside a VPC. In that case use *security_group_ids* instead!
- `cache_subnet_group` (String) The subnet group name to associate with. Only use if inside a VPC. Required if inside a VPC.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `engine` (String) Name of the cache engine to be used. Supported values are `redis` and `memcached`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hard_modify` (Boolean) Whether to destroy and recreate an existing cache cluster if necessary in order to modify its state. Defaults to `false`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `node_type` (String) The compute and memory capacity of the nodes in the cache cluster.
- `num_nodes` (Number) The initial number of cache nodes that the cache cluster will have. Required when *state=present*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `security_group_ids` (String) A list of VPC security group IDs to associate with this cache cluster. Only use if inside a VPC.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait for cache cluster result before returning.
- `zone` (String) The EC2 Availability Zone in which the cache cluster will be created.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
