---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_mysql_mysql_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_mysql_mysql_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `exclude_fields` (String) List of fields which are not needed to collect. Supports elements: `db_size`, `db_table_count`. Unsupported elements will be ignored.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filter` (String) Limit the collected information by comma separated string or YAML list. Allowable values are `version`, `databases`, `settings`, `global_status`, `users`, `users_info`, `engines`, `master_status`, `slave_status`, `slave_hosts`. By default, collects all subsets. You can use '!' before value (for example, `!settings`) to exclude it from the information. If you pass including and excluding values to the filter, for example, *filter=!settings,version*, the excluding values, `!settings` in this case, will be ignored.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `login_db` (String) Database name to connect to. It makes sense if *login_user* is allowed to connect to a specific database only.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `return_empty_dbs` (Boolean) Includes names of empty databases to returned dictionary.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `connector_name` (String) Name of the python connector used by the module. When the connector is not identified, returns `Unknown`.
- `connector_version` (String) Version of the python connector used by the module. When the connector is not identified, returns `Unknown`.
- `databases` (String) Information about databases.
- `engines` (String) Information about the server's storage engines.
- `global_status` (String) Global status information.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `master_status` (String) Master status information.
- `server_engine` (String) Database server engine.
- `settings` (String) Global settings (variables) information.
- `slave_hosts` (String) Slave status information.
- `slave_status` (String) Slave status information.
- `users` (String) Return a dictionnary of users grouped by host and with global privileges only.
- `users_info` (String) Information about users accounts. The output can be used as an input of the `community.mysql.mysql_user` plugin. Useful when migrating accounts to another server or to create an inventory. Does not support proxy privileges. If an account has proxy privileges, they won't appear in the output. Causes issues with authentications plugins `sha256_password` and `caching_sha2_password`. If the output is fed to `community.mysql.mysql_user`, the ``plugin_hash_string`` will most likely be unreadable due to non-binary characters. The "locked" field was aded in ``community.mysql`` 3.13.
- `version` (String) Database server version.
