---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_grafana_grafana_datasource Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_grafana_grafana_datasource (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the datasource.

### Optional

- `access` (String) The access mode for this datasource.
- `additional_json_data` (String) Defined data is used for datasource jsonData Data may be overridden by specifically defined parameters (like zabbix_user)
- `additional_secure_json_data` (String) Defined data is used for datasource secureJsonData Data may be overridden by specifically defined parameters (like tls_client_cert) Stored as secure data, see `enforce_secure_data` and notes!
- `alertmanager_handle_grafana_alerts` (Boolean) Whether Grafana should send alerts to this alertmanager.
- `alertmanager_implementation` (String) The implementation to set for the alertmanager datasource type.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `aws_access_key` (String) AWS access key for CloudWatch datasource type when `aws_auth_type` is `keys` Stored as secure data, see `enforce_secure_data` and notes!
- `aws_assume_role_arn` (String) AWS IAM role arn to assume for CloudWatch datasource type when `aws_auth_type` is `arn`
- `aws_auth_type` (String) Type for AWS authentication for CloudWatch datasource type (authType of grafana api)
- `aws_credentials_profile` (String) Profile for AWS credentials for CloudWatch datasource type when `aws_auth_type` is `credentials`
- `aws_custom_metrics_namespaces` (String) Namespaces of Custom Metrics for CloudWatch datasource type
- `aws_default_region` (String) AWS default region for CloudWatch datasource type
- `aws_secret_key` (String) AWS secret key for CloudWatch datasource type when `aws_auth_type` is `keys` Stored as secure data, see `enforce_secure_data` and notes!
- `azure_client` (String) The application/client ID for the Azure AD app registration to use for authentication.
- `azure_cloud` (String) The national cloud for your Azure account
- `azure_secret` (String) The application client secret for the Azure AD app registration to use for auth
- `azure_tenant` (String) The directory/tenant ID for the Azure AD app registration to use for authentication
- `basic_auth_password` (String) The datasource basic auth password, when `basic auth` is `true`. Stored as secure data, see `enforce_secure_data` and notes!
- `basic_auth_user` (String) The datasource basic auth user. Setting this option with basic_auth_password will enable basic auth.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `database` (String) Name of the database for the datasource. This options is required when the `ds_type` is `influxdb`, `elasticsearch` (index name), `mysql` or `postgres`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `ds_type` (String) The type of the datasource. Required when `state=present`.
- `ds_url` (String) The URL of the datasource. Required when `state=present`.
- `enforce_secure_data` (Boolean) Secure data is not updated per default (see notes!) To update secure data you have to enable this option! Enabling this, the task will always report changed=True
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `es_version` (String) Elasticsearch version (for `ds_type = elasticsearch` only) Version 56 is for elasticsearch 5.6+ where you can specify the `max_concurrent_shard_requests` option.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interval` (String) For elasticsearch `ds_type`, this is the index pattern used.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Make this datasource the default one.
- `max_concurrent_shard_requests` (Number) Starting with elasticsearch 5.6, you can specify the max concurrent shard per requests.
- `org_id` (Number) Grafana organization ID in which the datasource should be created. Not used when `grafana_api_key` is set, because the `grafana_api_key` only belongs to one organization. Mutually exclusive with `org_name`.
- `org_name` (String) Grafana organization name in which the datasource should be created. Not used when `grafana_api_key` is set, because the `grafana_api_key` only belongs to one organization. Mutually exclusive with `org_id`.
- `password` (String) The datasource password. Stored as secure data, see `enforce_secure_data` and notes!
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sslmode` (String) SSL mode for `postgres` datasource type.
- `state` (String) Status of the datasource
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `time_field` (String) Name of the time field in elasticsearch ds. For example `@timestamp`.
- `time_interval` (String) Minimum group by interval for `influxdb`, `elasticsearch` or `prometheus` datasources. for example `>10s`.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tls_ca_cert` (String) The TLS CA certificate for self signed certificates. Only used when `tls_client_cert` and `tls_client_key` are set. Stored as secure data, see `enforce_secure_data` and notes!
- `tls_client_cert` (String) The client TLS certificate. If `tls_client_cert` and `tls_client_key` are set, this will enable TLS authentication. Starts with ----- BEGIN CERTIFICATE ----- Stored as secure data, see `enforce_secure_data` and notes!
- `tls_client_key` (String) The client TLS private key Starts with ----- BEGIN RSA PRIVATE KEY ----- Stored as secure data, see `enforce_secure_data` and notes!
- `tls_servername` (String) A Servername is used to verify the hostname on the returned certificate
- `tls_skip_verify` (Boolean) Skip the TLS datasource certificate verification.
- `trends` (Boolean) Use trends or not for zabbix datasource type.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `tsdb_resolution` (String) The opentsdb time resolution.
- `tsdb_version` (Number) The opentsdb version. Use `1` for <=2.1, `2` for ==2.2, `3` for ==2.3.
- `uid` (String) The uid of the datasource.
- `user` (String) The datasource login user for influxdb datasources.
- `with_credentials` (Boolean) Whether credentials such as cookies or auth headers should be sent with cross-site requests.
- `zabbix_password` (String) Password for Zabbix API
- `zabbix_user` (String) User for Zabbix API

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `datasource` (String) datasource created/updated by module
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
