---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_vc_infraprofile_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_vc_infraprofile_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `api` (String) API which needs to be executed
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config_path` (String) Config file path which contains infra profile config JSON data, supports both relative and absolute path. This parameter is required only when `import`,`validate` APIs are being used.
- `decryption_key` (String) decryption_key argument for while doing import profile task as of now its not taken into account form API team.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of about encryption or decryption key.
- `encryption_key` (String) encryption_key argument for while doing import profile task as of now its not taken into account form API team.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `profiles` (String) A list of profile names to be exported, imported, and validated. This parameter is not required while running for List API, not for `export`,`import` and `validate`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `export_infra` (String) A message about the exported file
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `import_profile` (String) A message about import on import_profile spec
- `list_infra` (String) A list of infra configs,
- `validate_infra` (String) A message about validate on exported file
