---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_mksysb Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_mksysb (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Backup name.
- `storage_path` (String) Storage path where the mksysb backup is stored.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup_crypt_files` (Boolean) Backup encrypted files.
- `backup_dmapi_fs` (Boolean) Back up DMAPI filesystem files.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `create_map_files` (Boolean) Creates a new MAP files.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `exclude_files` (Boolean) Excludes files using `/etc/rootvg.exclude`.
- `exclude_wpar_files` (Boolean) Excludes WPAR files.
- `extended_attrs` (Boolean) Backup extended attributes.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `new_image_data` (Boolean) Creates a new file data.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `software_packing` (Boolean) Exclude files from packing option listed in `/etc/exclude_packing.rootvg`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_snapshot` (Boolean) Creates backup using snapshots.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Return message regarding the action.
