---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_pagerduty_alert Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_pagerduty_alert (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) Type of event to be sent.

### Optional

- `api_key` (String) The pagerduty API key (readonly access), generated on the pagerduty site. Required if `api_version=v1`.
- `api_version` (String) The API version we want to use to run the module. V1 is more limited with option we can provide to trigger incident. V2 has more variables for example, `severity`, `source`, `custom_details` and so on.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client` (String) The name of the monitoring client that is triggering this event.
- `client_url` (String) The URL of the monitoring client that is triggering this event.
- `component` (String) Component of the source machine that is responsible for the event, for example `mysql` or `eth0`.
- `custom_details` (String) Additional details about the event and affected system. A dictionary with custom keys and values.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `desc` (String) For `state=triggered` - Required. Short description of the problem that led to this trigger. This field (or a truncated version) is used when generating phone calls, SMS messages and alert emails. It also appears on the incidents tables in the PagerDuty UI. The maximum length is 1024 characters. For `state=acknowledged` or `state=resolved` - Text that appears in the incident's log associated with this event.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `incident_class` (String) The class/type of the event, for example `ping failure` or `cpu load`.
- `incident_key` (String) Identifies the incident to which this `state` should be applied. For `state=triggered` - If there is no open (in other words unresolved) incident with this key, a new one is created. If there is already an open incident with a matching key, this event is appended to that incident's log. The event key provides an easy way to 'de-dup' problem reports. If no `incident_key` is provided, then it is generated by PagerDuty. For `state=acknowledged` or `state=resolved` - This should be the incident_key you received back when the incident was first opened by a trigger event. Acknowledge events referencing resolved or nonexistent incidents is discarded.
- `integration_key` (String) The GUID of one of your 'Generic API' services. This is the 'integration key' listed on a 'Integrations' tab of PagerDuty service.
- `link_text` (String) A short description of the `link_url`.
- `link_url` (String) Relevant link URL to the alert. For example, the website or the job link.
- `name` (String) PagerDuty unique subdomain. Obsolete. It is not used with PagerDuty REST v2 API.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `service_id` (String) ID of PagerDuty service when incidents are triggered, acknowledged or resolved. Required if `api_version=v1`.
- `service_key` (String) The GUID of one of your 'Generic API' services. Obsolete. Please use `integration_key`.
- `severity` (String) The perceived severity of the status the event is describing with respect to the affected system. Required in case of `state=trigger` and `api_version=v2`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) The unique location of the affected system, preferably a hostname or FQDN. Required in case of `state=trigger` and `api_version=v2`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
