---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_host_iscsi Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_host_iscsi (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `esxi_hostname` (String) The ESXi hostname on which to change iSCSI settings.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `iscsi_config` (String) The iSCSI configs. This parameter is required if `state=present` or `state=absent`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If set to `present`, add the iSCSI target or the bind ports if they are not existing. If set to `present`, update the iSCSI settings if they already exist and occur change. If set to `absent`, remove the iSCSI target or the bind ports if they are existing. If set to `enabled`, enable the iSCSI of ESXi if the iSCSI is disabled. If set to `disabled`, disable the iSCSI of ESXi if the iSCSI is enabled.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `iscsi_properties` (String) Parameter return when system defaults config is changed.
