---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_lvol Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_lvol (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `vg` (String) The volume group this logical volume is part of.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Whether the volume is active and visible to the host.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Shrink or remove operations of volumes requires this switch. Ensures that filesystems never get corrupted/destroyed by mistake.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lv` (String) The name of the logical volume.
- `opts` (String) Free-form options to be passed to the lvcreate command.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pvs` (String) List of physical volumes (for example `/dev/sda, /dev/sdb`).
- `resizefs` (Boolean) Resize the underlying filesystem together with the logical volume. Supported for `ext2`, `ext3`, `ext4`, `reiserfs` and `XFS` filesystems. Attempts to resize other filesystem types result in failure.
- `shrink` (Boolean) Shrink if current size is higher than size requested.
- `size` (String) The size of the logical volume, according to lvcreate(8) `--size`, by default in megabytes or optionally with one of [bBsSkKmMgGtTpPeE] units; or according to lvcreate(8) `--extents` as a percentage of [VG|PVS|FREE|ORIGIN]; Float values must begin with a digit. When resizing, apart from specifying an absolute size you may, according to lvextend(8)|lvreduce(8) `--size`, specify the amount to extend the logical volume with the prefix `+` or the amount to reduce the logical volume by with prefix `-`. Resizing using `+` or `-` was not supported prior to community.general 3.0.0. Please note that when using `+`, `-`, or percentage of FREE, the module is **not idempotent**.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot` (String) The name of a snapshot volume to be configured. When creating a snapshot volume, the `lv` parameter specifies the origin volume.
- `state` (String) Control if the logical volume exists. If `present` and the volume does not already exist then the `size` option is required.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `thinpool` (String) The thin pool volume name. When you want to create a thin provisioned volume, specify a thin pool volume name.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
