---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_mq_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_mq_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `broker_id` (String) The ID of the MQ broker to work on.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `username` (String) The name of the user to create/update/delete.

### Optional

- `allow_pw_update` (Boolean) When *allow_pw_update=true* and *password* is set, the password will always be updated for the user.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `console_access` (Boolean) Whether the user can access the MQ Console. Defaults to `false` on creation.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `groups` (String) Set group memberships for user. Defaults to `[]` on creation.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) Set password for user. Defaults to a random password on creation. Ignored unless *allow_pw_update=true*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create/Update vs Delete of user.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `user` (String) just echos the username only present when state=present
