---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_keycloak_client_rolescope Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_keycloak_client_rolescope (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_id` (String) Roles provided in `role_names` while be added to this client scope.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `role_names` (String) Names of roles to manipulate. If `client_scope_id` is present, all roles must be under this client. If `client_scope_id` is absent, all roles must be under the realm.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client_scope_id` (String) If the `role_names` are client role, the client ID under which it resides. If this parameter is absent, the roles are considered a realm role.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `realm` (String) The Keycloak realm under which clients resides.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the role mapping. On `present`, all roles in `role_names` are mapped if not exist yet. On `absent`, all roles mapping in `role_names` are removed if it exists.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `end_state` (String) Representation of role role scope after module execution.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Message as to what action was taken.
