---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_one_vnet Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_one_vnet (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) A `name` of the network you would like to manage. If a network with the given name does not exist it, then is created, otherwise it is managed by this module.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `present` - state that is used to manage the network. `absent` - delete the network.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template` (String) A string containing the network template contents.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `ar_pool` (String) The network's list of ar_pool.
- `bridge` (String) The network's bridge interface.
- `bridge_type` (String) The network's bridge type.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `clusters` (String) The network's clusters.
- `group_id` (Number) The network's group ID.
- `group_name` (String) The network's group name.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `outer_vlan_id` (Number) The network's outer VLAN tag.
- `owner_id` (Number) The network's owner ID.
- `owner_name` (String) The network's owner name.
- `parent_network_id` (Number) The network's parent network ID.
- `permissions` (String) The network's permissions.
- `phydev` (String) The network's physical device (NIC).
- `user_id` (Number) The network's user name.
- `user_name` (String) The network's user ID.
- `vlan_id` (Number) The network's VLAN tag.
- `vn_mad` (String) The network's VN_MAD.
- `vrouters` (String) The network's list of virtual routers IDs.
