---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_s3_sync Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_s3_sync (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket` (String) Bucket name.
- `file_root` (String) File/directory path for synchronization. This is a local path. This root path is scrubbed from the key name, so subdirectories will remain as keys.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cache_control` (String) Cache-Control header set on uploaded objects. Directives are separated by commas.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete` (Boolean) Remove remote files that exist in bucket but are not present in the file root.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `exclude` (String) Shell pattern-style file matching. Used after include to remove files (for instance, skip `"*.txt"`) For multiple patterns, comma-separate them.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `file_change_strategy` (String) Difference determination method to allow changes-only syncing. Unlike rsync, files are not patched- they are fully skipped or fully uploaded. date_size will upload if file sizes don't match or if local file modified date is newer than s3's version checksum will compare etag values based on s3's implementation of chunked md5s. force will always upload all files.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `include` (String) Shell pattern-style file matching. Used before exclude to determine eligible files (for instance, only `"*.gif"`) For multiple patterns, comma-separate them.
- `key_prefix` (String) In addition to file path, prepend s3 path with this prefix. Module will add slash at end of prefix if necessary.
- `mime_map` (String) Dict entry from extension to MIME type. This will override any default/sniffed MIME type. For example `{".txt": "application/text", ".yml": "application/text"}`
- `mode` (String) sync direction.
- `permission` (String) Canned ACL to apply to synced files. Changing this ACL only changes newly synced files, it does not trigger a full reupload.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `storage_class` (String) Storage class to be associated to each object added to the S3 bucket.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `filelist_actionable` (String) file listing (dicts) of files that will be uploaded after the strategy decision
- `filelist_initial` (String) file listing (dicts) from initial globbing
- `filelist_local_etag` (String) file listing (dicts) including calculated local etag
- `filelist_s3` (String) file listing (dicts) including information about previously-uploaded versions
- `filelist_typed` (String) file listing (dicts) with calculated or overridden mime types
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `uploads` (String) file listing (dicts) of files that were actually uploaded
