---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_sefcontext Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_sefcontext (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `target` (String) Target path (expression).

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ftype` (String) The file type that should have SELinux contexts applied. The following file type options are available: `a` for all files, `b` for block devices, `c` for character devices, `d` for directories, `f` for regular files, `l` for symbolic links, `p` for named pipes, `s` for socket files.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_selinux_state` (Boolean) Useful for scenarios (chrooted environment) that you cannot get the real SELinux state.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reload` (Boolean) Reload SELinux policy after commit. Note that this does not apply SELinux file contexts to existing files.
- `selevel` (String) SELinux range for the specified `target`. Defaults to `s0` for new file contexts and to existing value when modifying file contexts.
- `setype` (String) SELinux type for the specified `target`.
- `seuser` (String) SELinux user for the specified `target`. Defaults to `system_u` for new file contexts and to existing value when modifying file contexts.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the SELinux file context must be `absent` or `present`. Specifying `absent` without either `setype` or `substitute` deletes both SELinux type or path substitution mappings that match `target`.
- `substitute` (String) Path to use to substitute file context(s) for the specified `target`. The context labeling for the `target` subtree is made equivalent to this path. This is also referred to as SELinux file context equivalence and it implements the `equal` functionality of the SELinux management tools.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
