---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_keycloak_realm_rolemapping Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_keycloak_realm_rolemapping (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gid` (String) ID of the group to be mapped. This parameter is not required for updating or deleting the rolemapping but providing it reduces the number of API calls required.
- `group_name` (String) Name of the group to be mapped. This parameter is required (can be replaced by gid for less API call).
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `parents` (String) List of parent groups for the group to handle sorted top to bottom. Set this if your group is a subgroup and you do not provide the GID in `gid`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `realm` (String) They Keycloak realm under which this role_representation resides.
- `roles` (String) Roles to be mapped to the group.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the realm_rolemapping. On `present`, the realm_rolemapping is created if it does not yet exist, or updated with the parameters you provide. On `absent`, the realm_rolemapping is removed if it exists.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `end_state` (String) Representation of client role mapping after module execution. The sample is truncated.
- `existing` (String) Representation of existing client role mapping. The sample is truncated.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Message as to what action was taken.
- `proposed` (String) Representation of proposed client role mapping.
