---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ipa_pwpolicy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ipa_pwpolicy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dictcheck` (Boolean) Check whether the password (with possible modifications) matches a word in a dictionary (using cracklib).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `failinterval` (String) Period (in seconds) after which the number of failed login attempts is reset.
- `gracelimit` (Number) Maximum number of LDAP logins after password expiration.
- `group` (String) Name of the group that the policy applies to. If omitted, the global policy is used.
- `historylength` (String) Number of previous passwords that are remembered. Users cannot reuse remembered passwords.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lockouttime` (String) Period (in seconds) for which users are locked out.
- `maxfailcount` (String) Maximum number of consecutive failures before lockout.
- `maxpwdlife` (String) Maximum password lifetime (in days).
- `maxrepeat` (Number) Maximum number of allowed same consecutive characters in the new password.
- `maxsequence` (Number) Maximum length of monotonic character sequences in the new password. An example of a monotonic sequence of length 5 is `12345`.
- `minclasses` (String) Minimum number of character classes.
- `minlength` (String) Minimum password length.
- `minpwdlife` (String) Minimum password lifetime (in hours).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `priority` (String) Priority of the policy. High number means lower priority. Required when `cn` is not the global policy.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State to ensure.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `usercheck` (Boolean) Check whether the password (with possible modifications) contains the user name in some form (if the name has > 3 characters).

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `pwpolicy` (String) Password policy as returned by IPA API.
