---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_local_role_manager Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_local_role_manager (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `local_role_name` (String) The local role name to be managed.

### Optional

- `action` (String) This parameter is only valid while updating an existing role with privileges. `add` will add the privileges to the existing privilege list. `remove` will remove the privileges from the existing privilege list. `set` will replace the privileges of the existing privileges with user defined list of privileges.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_remove` (Boolean) If set to `false` then prevents the role from being removed if any permissions are using it.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `local_privilege_ids` (String) The list of privileges that role needs to have. Please see https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.0/com.vmware.vsphere.security.doc/GUID-ED56F3C4-77D0-49E3-88B6-B99B8B437B62.html
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicate desired state of the role. If the role already exists when `present`, the role info is updated.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `new_privileges` (String) List of privileges
- `old_privileges` (String) List of privileges of role before the update
- `privileges` (String) List of privileges
- `privileges_previous` (String) List of privileges of role before the update
- `role_id` (Number) Generated local role id
- `role_name` (String) Name of local role
