---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_autoscaling_launch_config_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_autoscaling_launch_config_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) A name or a list of name to match.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sort` (String) Optional attribute which with to sort the results.
- `sort_end` (Number) Which result to end with (when sorting). Corresponds to Python slice notation.
- `sort_order` (String) Order in which to sort results. Only used when the 'sort' parameter is specified.
- `sort_start` (Number) Which result to start with (when sorting). Corresponds to Python slice notation.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `block_device_mapping` (String) Block device mapping for the instances of launch configuration.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `classic_link_vpc_security_groups` (String) IDs of one or more security groups for the VPC specified in classic_link_vpc_id.
- `created_time` (String) The creation date and time for the launch configuration.
- `ebs_optimized` (Boolean) EBS I/O optimized `true` or not `false`.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `image_id` (String) ID of the Amazon Machine Image (AMI).
- `instance_monitoring` (String) Launched with detailed monitoring or not.
- `instance_type` (String) Instance type.
- `kernel_id` (String) ID of the kernel associated with the AMI.
- `key_name` (String) Name of the key pair.
- `launch_configuration_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the launch configuration.
- `launch_configuration_name` (String) Name of the launch configuration.
- `ramdisk_id` (String) ID of the RAM disk associated with the AMI.
- `security_groups` (String) Security groups to associated.
- `user_data` (String) User data available.
