---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_docker_docker_login Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_docker_docker_login (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config_path` (String) Custom path to the Docker CLI configuration file.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) The plaintext password for the registry account. Required when `state=present`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reauthorize` (Boolean) Refresh existing authentication found in the configuration file.
- `registry_url` (String) The registry URL.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) This controls the current state of the user. `present` will login in a user, `absent` will log them out. To logout you only need the registry server, which defaults to DockerHub. Before 2.1 you could ONLY log in. Docker does not support 'logout' with a custom config file.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) The username for the registry account. Required when `state=present`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `login_result` (String) Result from the login.
