---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_supervisorctl Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_supervisorctl (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the supervisord program or group to manage. The name is taken as group name when it ends with a colon `:`. If `name=all`, all programs and program groups are managed.
- `state` (String) The desired state of program/group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config` (String) The supervisor configuration file path.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) Password to use for authentication.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `server_url` (String) URL on which supervisord server is listening.
- `signal` (String) The signal to send to the program/group, when combined with the `signalled` state. Required when l(state=signalled).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `stop_before_removing` (Boolean) Use `stop_before_removing=true` to stop the program/group before removing it.
- `supervisorctl_path` (String) Path to `supervisorctl` executable.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Username to use for authentication.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
