---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_xenserver_guest_powerstate Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_xenserver_guest_powerstate (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Name of the VM to manage. VMs running on XenServer do not necessarily have unique names. The module fails if multiple VMs with same name are found. In case of multiple VMs with same name, use `uuid` to uniquely specify VM to manage. This parameter is case sensitive.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specify the state VM should be in. If `state` is set to value other than `present`, then VM is transitioned into required state and facts are returned. If `state` is set to `present`, then VM is just checked for existence and facts are returned.
- `state_change_timeout` (Number) By default, module waits indefinitely for VM to change state or acquire an IP address if `wait_for_ip_address=true`. If this parameter is set to positive value, the module instead waits specified number of seconds for the state change. In case of timeout, module generates an error message.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the VM to manage if known. This is XenServer's unique identifier. It is required if name is not unique.
- `wait_for_ip_address` (Boolean) Wait until XenServer detects an IP address for the VM. This requires XenServer Tools to be preinstalled on the VM to work properly.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `instance` (String) Metadata about the VM.
