---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_hwc_vpc_subnet Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_hwc_vpc_subnet (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cidr` (String) Specifies the subnet CIDR block. The value must be within the VPC CIDR block and be in CIDR format. The subnet mask cannot be greater than 28. Cannot be changed after creating the subnet.
- `gateway_ip` (String) Specifies the gateway of the subnet. The value must be an IP address in the subnet. Cannot be changed after creating the subnet.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the subnet name. The value is a string of 1 to 64 characters that can contain letters, digits, underscores (`_`), hyphens (`-`), and periods (`.`).
- `vpc_id` (String) Specifies the ID of the VPC to which the subnet belongs. Cannot be changed after creating the subnet.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `availability_zone` (String) Specifies the AZ to which the subnet belongs. Cannot be changed after creating the subnet.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dhcp_enable` (Boolean) Specifies whether DHCP is enabled for the subnet. The value can be true (enabled) or false(disabled), and default value is true. If this parameter is set to false, newly created ECSs cannot obtain IP addresses, and usernames and passwords cannot be injected using Cloud-init.
- `dns_address` (String) Specifies the DNS server addresses for subnet. The address in the head is used first.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in Huawei Cloud.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timeouts` (String) The timeouts for each operations.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
