---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_snapshot Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_snapshot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datacenter` (String) Destination datacenter for the deploy operation.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Define an arbitrary description to attach to snapshot.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Destination folder, absolute or relative path to find an existing guest. This is required parameter, if `name` is supplied. The folder should include the datacenter. ESX's datacenter is ha-datacenter. Examples:    folder: /ha-datacenter/vm    folder: ha-datacenter/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm    folder: datacenter1/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm/folder2
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `memory_dump` (Boolean) If set to `true`, memory dump of virtual machine is also included in snapshot. Note that memory snapshots take time and resources, this will take longer time to create. If virtual machine does not provide capability to take memory snapshot, then this flag is set to `false`.
- `moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the instance to manage if known, this is a unique identifier only within a single vCenter instance. This is required if `name` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual machine to work with. This is required parameter, if `uuid` or `moid` is not supplied.
- `name_match` (String) If multiple VMs matching the name, use the first or last found.
- `new_description` (String) Value to change the description of an existing snapshot to.
- `new_snapshot_name` (String) Value to rename the existing snapshot to.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `quiesce` (Boolean) If set to `true` and virtual machine is powered on, it will quiesce the file system in virtual machine. Note that VMware Tools are required for this flag. If virtual machine is powered off or VMware Tools are not available, then this flag is set to `false`. If virtual machine does not provide capability to take quiesce snapshot, then this flag is set to `false`.
- `remove_children` (Boolean) If set to `true` and `state=absent`, then entire snapshot subtree is set for removal.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot_id` (Number) Sets the snapshot id to manage. This param is available when `state=absent` or `state=revert`.
- `snapshot_name` (String) Sets the snapshot name to manage. This param or `snapshot_id` is required only if `state` is not `remove_all`
- `state` (String) Manage snapshot(s) attached to a specific virtual machine. If set to `present` and snapshot absent, then will create a new snapshot with the given name. If set to `present` and snapshot present, then no changes are made. If set to `absent` and snapshot present, then snapshot with the given name is removed. If set to `absent` and snapshot absent, then no changes are made. If set to `revert` and snapshot present, then virtual machine state is reverted to the given snapshot. If set to `revert` and snapshot absent, then no changes are made. If set to `remove_all` and snapshot(s) present, then all snapshot(s) will be removed. If set to `remove_all` and snapshot(s) absent, then no changes are made.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_instance_uuid` (Boolean) Whether to use the VMware instance UUID rather than the BIOS UUID.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the instance to manage if known, this is VMware's BIOS UUID by default. This is required if `name` or `moid` parameter is not supplied.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `snapshot_results` (String) metadata about the virtual machine snapshots
