---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_pam_limits Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_pam_limits (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain` (String) A username, @groupname, wildcard, UID/GID range.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `limit_item` (String) The limit to be set.
- `limit_type` (String) Limit type, see `man 5 limits.conf` for an explanation.
- `value` (String) The value of the limit. Value must either be `unlimited`, `infinity` or `-1`, all of which indicate no limit, or a limit of 0 or larger. Value must be a number in the range -20 to 19 inclusive, if `limit_item` is set to `nice` or `priority`. Refer to the `man 5 limits.conf` manual pages for more details.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file including the timestamp information so you can get the original file back if you somehow clobbered it incorrectly.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Comment associated with the limit.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dest` (String) Modify the limits.conf path.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_max` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the maximal value is used or conserved. If the specified value is superior to the value in the file, file content is replaced with the new value, else content is not modified.
- `use_min` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the minimal value is used or conserved. If the specified value is inferior to the value in the file, file content is replaced with the new value, else content is not modified.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
