---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_membership Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_membership (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `groups` (String) The list of groups (roles) that need to be granted to or revoked from *target_roles*.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `target_roles` (String) The list of target roles (groups will be granted to them).

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `fail_on_role` (Boolean) If `true`, fail when group or target_role doesn't exist. If `false`, just warn and continue.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `login_db` (String) Name of database to connect to. The `db` alias is deprecated and will be removed in version 5.0.0.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `session_role` (String) Switch to session_role after connecting. The specified session_role must be a role that the current login_user is a member of. Permissions checking for SQL commands is carried out as though the session_role were the one that had logged in originally.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Membership state. *state=present* implies the *groups*must be granted to *target_roles*. *state=absent* implies the *groups* must be revoked from *target_roles*. *state=exact* implies that *target_roles* will be members of only the *groups* (available since community.postgresql 2.2.0). Any other groups will be revoked from *target_roles*.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trust_input` (Boolean) If `false`, check whether values of parameters *groups*, *target_roles*, *session_role* are potentially dangerous. It makes sense to use `false` only when SQL injections via the parameters are possible.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `granted` (String) Dict of granted groups and roles.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `queries` (String) List of executed queries.
- `revoked` (String) Dict of revoked groups and roles.
