---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_openssl_csr Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_openssl_csr (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) The name of the file into which the generated OpenSSL certificate signing request will be written.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file including a timestamp so you can get the original CSR back if you overwrote it with a new one by accident.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Should the certificate signing request be forced regenerated by this ansible module.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name_constraints_critical` (String)
- `name_constraints_excluded` (String)
- `name_constraints_permitted` (String)
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `privatekey_content` (String)
- `return_content` (Boolean) If set to `true`, will return the (current or generated) CSR's content as R`csr`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the certificate signing request should exist or not, taking action if the state is different from what is stated.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `backup_file` (String) Name of backup file created.
- `basicConstraints` (String) Indicates if the certificate belongs to a CA.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `csr` (String) The (current or generated) CSR's content.
- `extendedKeyUsage` (String) Additional restriction on the public key purposes.
- `filename` (String) Path to the generated Certificate Signing Request.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `keyUsage` (String) Purpose for which the public key may be used.
- `ocsp_must_staple` (Boolean) Indicates whether the certificate has the OCSP Must Staple feature enabled.
- `privatekey` (String) Path to the TLS/SSL private key the CSR was generated for. Will be `none` if the private key has been provided in `privatekey_content`.
- `subject` (String) A list of the subject tuples attached to the CSR.
- `subjectAltName` (String) The alternative names this CSR is valid for.
