---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_mqtt Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_mqtt (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `payload` (String) Payload. The special string `"None"` may be used to send a NULL (that is, empty) payload which is useful to simply notify with the `topic` or to clear previously retained messages.
- `topic` (String) MQTT topic name.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `ca_cert` (String) The path to the Certificate Authority certificate files that are to be treated as trusted by this client. If this is the only option given then the client operates in a similar manner to a web browser. That is to say it requires the broker to have a certificate signed by the Certificate Authorities in ca_certs and communicates using TLS v1, but does not attempt any form of authentication. This provides basic network encryption but may not be sufficient depending on how the broker is configured.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client_cert` (String) The path pointing to the PEM encoded client certificate. If this is set it is used as client information for TLS based authentication. Support for this feature is broker dependent.
- `client_id` (String) MQTT client identifier. If not specified, it uses a value `hostname + pid`.
- `client_key` (String) The path pointing to the PEM encoded client private key. If this is set it is used as client information for TLS based authentication. Support for this feature is broker dependent.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) Password for `username` to authenticate against the broker.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) MQTT broker port number.
- `qos` (String) QoS (Quality of Service).
- `retain` (Boolean) Setting this flag causes the broker to retain (in other words keep) the message so that applications that subsequently subscribe to the topic can received the last retained message immediately.
- `server` (String) MQTT broker address/name.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tls_version` (String) Specifies the version of the SSL/TLS protocol to be used. By default (if the python version supports it) the highest TLS version is detected. If unavailable, TLS v1 is used.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Username to authenticate against the broker.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
