---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_manageiq_provider Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_manageiq_provider (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The provider's name.

### Optional

- `alerts` (String) Alerts endpoint connection information.
- `api_version` (String) The OpenStack Keystone API version.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `azure_tenant_id` (String) Tenant ID. Defaults to `null`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host_default_vnc_port_end` (String) The last port in the host VNC range.
- `host_default_vnc_port_start` (String) The first port in the host VNC range.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `metrics` (String) Metrics endpoint connection information.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) Google Compute Engine Project ID.
- `provider` (String) Default endpoint connection information, required if state is true.
- `provider_region` (String) The provider region name to connect to (for example AWS region for Amazon).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssh_keypair` (String) SSH key pair used for SSH connections to all hosts in this provider.
- `state` (String) `absent` - provider should not exist, `present` - provider should be present, `refresh` - provider is refreshed.
- `subscription` (String) Microsoft Azure subscription ID.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tenant_mapping_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable mapping of existing tenants.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The provider's type.
- `zone` (String) The ManageIQ zone name that manages the provider.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
