---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ipa_dnsrecord Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ipa_dnsrecord (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `record_name` (String) The DNS record name to manage.
- `zone_name` (String) The DNS zone name to which DNS record needs to be managed.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `record_ttl` (Number) Set the TTL for the record. Applies only when adding a new or changing the value of `record_value` or `record_values`.
- `record_type` (String) The type of DNS record name. Support for `NS` was added in comunity.general 8.2.0. Support for `SSHFP` was added in community.general 9.1.0.
- `record_value` (String) Manage DNS record name with this value. Mutually exclusive with `record_values`, and exactly one of `record_value` and `record_values` has to be specified. Use `record_values` if you need to specify multiple values. In the case of `A` or `AAAA` record types, this is the IP address. In the case of `A6` record type, this is the A6 Record data. In the case of `CNAME` record type, this is the hostname. In the case of `DNAME` record type, this is the DNAME target. In the case of `NS` record type, this is the name server hostname. Hostname must already have a valid A or AAAA record. In the case of `PTR` record type, this is the hostname. In the case of `TXT` record type, this is a text. In the case of `SRV` record type, this is a service record. In the case of `MX` record type, this is a mail exchanger record. In the case of `SSHFP` record type, this is an SSH fingerprint record.
- `record_values` (String) Manage DNS record name with this value. Mutually exclusive with `record_value`, and exactly one of `record_value` and `record_values` has to be specified. In the case of `A` or `AAAA` record types, this is the IP address. In the case of `A6` record type, this is the A6 Record data. In the case of `CNAME` record type, this is the hostname. In the case of `DNAME` record type, this is the DNAME target. In the case of `NS` record type, this is the name server hostname. Hostname must already have a valid A or AAAA record. In the case of `PTR` record type, this is the hostname. In the case of `TXT` record type, this is a text. In the case of `SRV` record type, this is a service record. In the case of `MX` record type, this is a mail exchanger record. In the case of `SSHFP` record type, this is an SSH fingerprint record.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State to ensure.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dnsrecord` (String) DNS record as returned by IPA API.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
