---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_solaris_zone Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_solaris_zone (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Zone name. A zone name must be unique name. A zone name must begin with an alphanumeric character. The name can contain alphanumeric characters, underscores `_`, hyphens `-`, and periods `.`. The name cannot be longer than 64 characters.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attach_options` (String) Extra options to the zoneadm attach command. For example, this can be used to specify whether a minimum or full update of packages is required and if any packages need to be deleted. For valid values, see zoneadm(1M).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config` (String) The `zonecfg` configuration commands for this zone. See zonecfg(1M) for the valid options and syntax. Typically this is a list of options separated by semi-colons or new lines, for example `set auto-boot=true;add net;set physical=bge0;set address=10.1.1.1;end`.
- `create_options` (String) Extra options to the zonecfg(1M) create command.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `install_options` (String) Extra options to the zoneadm(1M) install command. To automate Solaris 11 zone creation, use this to specify the profile XML file, for example `install_options=-c sc_profile.xml`.
- `path` (String) The path where the zone is created. This is required when the zone is created, but not used otherwise.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `root_password` (String) The password hash for the root account. If not specified, the zone's root account does not have a password.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sparse` (Boolean) Whether to create a sparse (`true`) or whole root (`false`) zone.
- `state` (String) `present`, configure and install the zone. `installed`, synonym for `present`. `running`, if the zone already exists, boot it, otherwise, configure and install the zone first, then boot it. `started`, synonym for `running`. `stopped`, shutdown a zone. `absent`, destroy the zone. `configured`, configure the ready so that it is to be attached. `attached`, attach a zone, but do not boot it. `detached`, shutdown and detach a zone.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
