---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_systemd_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_systemd_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `extra_properties` (String) Additional properties to retrieve (appended to the default ones). Note that all property names are converted to lower-case.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unitname` (String) List of unit names to process. It supports `.service`, `.target`, `.socket`, `.mount` and `.timer` units type. `.timer` units are supported since community.general 10.5.0. Each name must correspond to the full name of the `systemd` unit or to a wildcard expression like `'ssh*'` and `'*.service'`. Wildcard expressions in `unitname` are supported since community.general 10.5.0.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `units` (String) Dictionary of systemd unit info keyed by unit name. Additional fields are returned depending on the value of `extra_properties`.
