---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_lxd_project Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_lxd_project (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the project.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client_cert` (String) The client certificate file path. If not specified, it defaults to `$HOME/.config/lxc/client.crt`.
- `client_key` (String) The client certificate key file path. If not specified, it defaults to `$HOME/.config/lxc/client.key`.
- `config` (String) The config for the project (for example `{"features.profiles": "true"}`). See https://documentation.ubuntu.com/lxd/en/latest/api/#/projects/project_get. If the project already exists and its "config" value in metadata obtained from `GET /1.0/projects/<name>` https://documentation.ubuntu.com/lxd/en/latest/api/#/projects/project_get are different, then this module tries to apply the configurations https://documentation.ubuntu.com/lxd/en/latest/api/#/projects/project_put.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the project.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `merge_project` (Boolean) Merge the configuration of the present project with the new desired configuration, instead of replacing it. If configuration is the same after merged, no change is made.
- `new_name` (String) A new name of a project. If this parameter is specified a project is renamed to this name. See https://documentation.ubuntu.com/lxd/en/latest/api/#/projects/project_post.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snap_url` (String) The Unix domain socket path when LXD is installed by snap package manager.
- `state` (String) Define the state of a project.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trust_password` (String) The client trusted password. You need to set this password on the LXD server before running this module using the following command: `lxc config set core.trust_password <some random password>` See https://www.stgraber.org/2016/04/18/lxd-api-direct-interaction/. If `trust_password` is set, this module send a request for authentication before sending any requests.
- `url` (String) The Unix domain socket path or the https URL for the LXD server.

### Read-Only

- `actions` (String) List of actions performed for the project.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `logs` (String) The logs of requests and responses.
- `old_state` (String) The old state of the project.
