---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_clickhouse_clickhouse_grants Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_clickhouse_clickhouse_grants (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `grantee` (String) A user or a role to grant, update, or revoke privileges for.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster` (String) Run the grant/revoke commands on all cluster hosts. If the cluster is not configured, the command will fail with an error.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `exclusive` (Boolean) If set to `false` (the default), the module will append the privileges specified in `privileges` to the privileges the `grantee` already has. If set to `true`, the module will revoke all current privileges from the `grantee` before granting the new ones.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `privileges` (String) Privileges to grant. This option is required when `state` is `present`. It's a list of dictionaries, where each dictionary specifies a set of privileges on a database object.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If `present`, the module will grant or update privileges. If `absent`, the module will revoke all privileges from the `grantee`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `diff` (String) Differences between the previous and current state. Only returned when diff mode is enabled (with `--diff` or in `check_mode`).
- `executed_statements` (String) Data-modifying executed statements.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
