---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_keycloak_identity_provider Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_keycloak_identity_provider (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alias` (String) The alias uniquely identifies an identity provider and it is also used to build the redirect URI.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `add_read_token_role_on_create` (Boolean) Enable/disable whether new users can read any stored tokens. This assigns the `broker.read-token` role.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authenticate_by_default` (Boolean) Specifies if this identity provider should be used by default for authentication even before displaying login screen.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config` (String) Dict specifying the configuration options for the provider; the contents differ depending on the value of `provider_id`. Examples are given below for `oidc` and `saml`. It is easiest to obtain valid config values by dumping an already-existing identity provider configuration through check-mode in the R`existing` field.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `display_name` (String) Friendly name for identity provider.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable/disable this identity provider.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `first_broker_login_flow_alias` (String) Alias of authentication flow, which is triggered after first login with this identity provider.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `link_only` (Boolean) If true, users cannot log in through this provider. They can only link to this provider. This is useful if you do not want to allow login from the provider, but want to integrate with a provider.
- `mappers` (String) A list of dicts defining mappers associated with this Identity Provider.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `post_broker_login_flow_alias` (String) Alias of authentication flow, which is triggered after each login with this identity provider.
- `provider_id` (String) Protocol used by this provider (supported values are `oidc` or `saml`).
- `realm` (String) The Keycloak realm under which this identity provider resides.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the identity provider. On `present`, the identity provider is created if it does not yet exist, or updated with the parameters you provide. On `absent`, the identity provider is removed if it exists.
- `store_token` (Boolean) Enable/disable whether tokens must be stored after authenticating users.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trust_email` (Boolean) If enabled, email provided by this provider is not verified even if verification is enabled for the realm.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `end_state` (String) Representation of identity provider after module execution.
- `existing` (String) Representation of existing identity provider.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Message as to what action was taken.
- `proposed` (String) Representation of proposed identity provider.
