---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_onepassword_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_onepassword_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `search_terms` (String) A list of one or more search terms. Each search term can either be a simple string or it can be a dictionary for more control. When passing a simple string, `search_terms[].field` is assumed to be `password`. When passing a dictionary, the following fields are available.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_login` (String) A dictionary containing authentication details. If this is set, the module attempts to sign in to 1Password automatically. Without this option, you must have already logged in using the 1Password CLI before running Ansible. It is **highly** recommended to store 1Password credentials in an Ansible Vault. Ensure that the key used to encrypt the Ansible Vault is equal to or greater in strength than the 1Password master password.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cli_path` (String) Used to specify the exact path to the `op` command line interface.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `onepassword` (String) Dictionary of each 1password item matching the given search terms, shows what would be returned from the third example above.
