---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_content_library_manager Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_content_library_manager (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `library_name` (String) The name of VMware content library to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datastore_name` (String) Name of the datastore on which backing content library is created. This is required if `state=present`. This parameter is ignored, when `state=absent`. Currently only datastore backing creation is supported.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `library_description` (String) The content library description. This is required only if `state=present`. This parameter is ignored, when `state=absent`. Process of updating content library only allows description change.
- `library_type` (String) The content library type. This is required only if `state=resent`. This parameter is ignored, when `state=absent`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssl_thumbprint` (String) The SHA1 SSL thumbprint of the subscribed content library to subscribe to. This is required if `library_type=subscribed` and the library is https. This parameter is ignored, when `state=absent`. The information can be extracted using openssl using the following example: `echo | openssl s_client -connect test-library.com:443 |& openssl x509 -fingerprint -noout`
- `state` (String) The state of content library. If set to `present` and library does not exists, then content library is created. If set to `present` and library exists, then content library is updated. If set to `absent` and library exists, then content library is deleted. If set to `absent` and library does not exists, no action is taken.
- `subscription_url` (String) The url of the content library to subscribe to. This is required if `library_type=subscribed`. This parameter is ignored, when `state=absent`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_on_demand` (Boolean) Whether to download all content on demand. If set to `true`, all content will be downloaded on demand. If set to `false` content will be downloaded ahead of time. This is required if `library_type=subscribed`. This parameter is ignored, when `state=absent`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `content_library_info` (String) library creation success and library_id
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
