---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_ext Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_ext (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `login_db` (String) Name of the database to add or remove the extension to/from. The `db` alias is deprecated and will be removed in version 5.0.0.
- `name` (String) Name of the extension to add or remove.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `ca_cert` (String) Specifies the name of a file containing SSL certificate authority (CA) certificate(s). If the file exists, the server's certificate will be verified to be signed by one of these authorities.
- `cascade` (Boolean) Automatically install/remove any extensions that this extension depends on that are not already installed/removed (supported since PostgreSQL 9.6).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Sets a comment on the extension. To reset the comment, pass an empty string.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `login_unix_socket` (String) Path to a Unix domain socket for local connections.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `schema` (String) Name of the schema to add the extension to.
- `session_role` (String) Switch to session_role after connecting. The specified session_role must be a role that the current login_user is a member of. Permissions checking for SQL commands is carried out as though the session_role were the one that had logged in originally.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssl_mode` (String) Determines whether or with what priority a secure SSL TCP/IP connection will be negotiated with the server. See https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/static/libpq-ssl.html for more information on the modes. Default of `prefer` matches libpq default.
- `state` (String) The database extension state.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trust_input` (Boolean) If `false`, check whether values of parameters *ext*, *schema*, *version*, *session_role* are potentially dangerous. It makes sense to use `false` only when SQL injections via the parameters are possible.
- `version` (String) Extension version to add or update to. Has effect with *state=present* only. If not specified and extension is not installed in the database, the latest version available will be created. If extension is already installed, will update to the given version if a valid update path exists. Downgrading is only supported if the extension provides a downgrade path otherwise the extension must be removed and a lower version of the extension must be made available. Set *version=latest* to update the extension to the latest available version.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `prev_version` (String) Previous installed extension version or empty string if the extension was not installed.
- `queries` (String) List of executed queries.
