---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_psexec Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_psexec (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `command` (String) The command line to run through PsExec (limited to 260 characters).
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chdir` (String) Run the command from this (remote) directory.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `elevated` (Boolean) Run the command with elevated privileges.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `executable` (String) The location of the PsExec utility (in case it is not located in your PATH).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hostnames` (String) The hostnames to run the command. If not provided, the command is run locally.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interactive` (Boolean) Run the program so that it interacts with the desktop on the remote system.
- `limited` (Boolean) Run the command as limited user (strips the Administrators group and allows only privileges assigned to the Users group).
- `nobanner` (Boolean) Do not display the startup banner and copyright message. This only works for specific versions of the PsExec binary.
- `noprofile` (Boolean) Run the command without loading the account's profile.
- `password` (String) The password for the (remote) user to run the command as. This is mandatory in order authenticate yourself.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `priority` (String) Used to run the command at a different priority.
- `session` (Number) Specifies the session ID to use. This parameter works in conjunction with *interactive*. It has no effect when *interactive* is set to `no`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `system` (Boolean) Run the remote command in the System account.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) The (remote) user to run the command as. If not provided, the current user is used.
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait for the application to terminate. Only use for non-interactive applications.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cmd` (String) The complete command line used by the module, including PsExec call and additional options.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `pid` (Number) The PID of the async process created by PsExec.
- `rc` (Number) The return code for the command.
- `stderr` (String) The error output from the command.
- `stdout` (String) The standard output from the command.
