---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_cluster_ha_groups Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_cluster_ha_groups (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) group name
- `state` (String) Whether the HA groups should be there (created if missing) or not (deleted if they exist).

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Description
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `nodes` (String) List of cluster node members, where a priority can be given to each node. A resource bound to a group will run on the available nodes with the
highest priority. If there are more nodes in the highest priority class, the services will get distributed to those nodes. The priorities have a
relative meaning only. The higher the number, the higher the priority.
It can either be a string `node_name:priority,node_name:priority` or an actual list of strings.
- `nofailback` (Boolean) The CRM tries to run services on the node with the highest priority. If a node with higher priority comes online, the CRM migrates the service to
that node. Setting `nofailback=true` prevents that behavior.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `restricted` (Boolean) Resources bound to restricted groups may only run on nodes defined by the group. The resource will be placed in the stopped state if no group node
member is online. Resources on unrestricted groups may run on any cluster node if all group members are offline, but they will migrate back as
soon as a group member comes online. One can implement a 'preferred node' behavior using an unrestricted group with only one member.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
