---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_docker_docker_node_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_docker_docker_node_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The name of the node to inspect. The list of nodes names to inspect. If empty then return information of all nodes in Swarm cluster. When identifying the node use either the hostname of the node (as registered in Swarm) or node ID. If `self=true` then this parameter is ignored.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `self` (Boolean) If `true`, queries the node (that is, the docker daemon) the module communicates with. If `true` then `name` is ignored. If `false` then query depends on `name` presence and value.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `nodes` (String) Facts representing the current state of the nodes. Matches the `docker node inspect` output. Can contain multiple entries if more than one node provided in `name`, or `name` is not provided. If `name` contains a list of nodes, the output will provide information on all nodes registered at the swarm, including nodes that left the swarm but have not been removed from the cluster on swarm managers and nodes that are unreachable.
