---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_docker_docker_config Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_docker_docker_config (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the config.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `data` (String) The value of the config. Mutually exclusive with `data_src`. One of `data` and `data_src` is required if `state=present`.
- `data_is_b64` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the data is assumed to be Base64 encoded and will be decoded before being used. To use binary `data`, it is better to keep it Base64 encoded and let it be decoded by this option.
- `data_src` (String) The file on the target from which to read the config. Mutually exclusive with `data`. One of `data` and `data_src` is required if `state=present`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Use with `state=present` to always remove and recreate an existing config. If `true`, an existing config will be replaced, even if it has not been changed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) A map of key:value meta data, where both the `key` and `value` are expected to be a string. If new meta data is provided, or existing meta data is modified, the config will be updated by removing it and creating it again.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rolling_versions` (Boolean) If set to `true`, configs are created with an increasing version number appended to their name. Adds a label containing the version number to the managed configs with the name `ansible_version`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Set to `present`, if the config should exist, and `absent`, if it should not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template_driver` (String) Set to `golang` to use a Go template in `data` or a Go template file in `data_src`.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `versions_to_keep` (Number) When using `rolling_versions`, the number of old versions of the config to keep. Extraneous old configs are deleted after the new one is created. Set to `-1` to keep everything or `0` or `1` to keep only the current one.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `config_id` (String) The ID assigned by Docker to the config object.
- `config_name` (String) The name of the created config object.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
