---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_mysql_mysql_replication Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_mysql_mysql_replication (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `channel` (String) Name of replication channel. Multi-source replication is supported from MySQL 5.7. Mutually exclusive with *connection_name*. For more information see https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/replication-multi-source.html.
- `connection_name` (String) Name of the primary connection. Supported from MariaDB 10.0.1. Mutually exclusive with *channel*. For more information see https://mariadb.com/kb/en/library/multi-source-replication/.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `fail_on_error` (Boolean) Fails on error when calling mysql.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mode` (String) Module operating mode. Could be `changeprimary` (CHANGE MASTER TO) - also works for MySQL 8.0.23 and later since community.mysql 3.10.0, `changereplication` (CHANGE REPLICATION SOURCE TO) - only supported in MySQL 8.0.23 and later, `getprimary` (SHOW MASTER STATUS), `getreplica` (SHOW REPLICA STATUS), `startreplica` (START REPLICA), `stopreplica` (STOP REPLICA), `resetprimary` (RESET MASTER) - supported since community.mysql 0.1.0, `resetreplica` (RESET REPLICA), `resetreplicaall` (RESET REPLICA ALL).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `primary_auto_position` (Boolean) Whether the host uses GTID based replication or not. Same as the `MASTER_AUTO_POSITION` mysql variable.
- `primary_connect_retry` (Number) Same as the `MASTER_CONNECT_RETRY` mysql variable.
- `primary_delay` (Number) Time lag behind the primary's state (in seconds). Same as the `MASTER_DELAY` mysql variable. Available from MySQL 5.6. For more information see https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/replication-delayed.html.
- `primary_host` (String) Same as the `MASTER_HOST` mysql variable.
- `primary_log_file` (String) Same as the `MASTER_LOG_FILE` mysql variable.
- `primary_log_pos` (Number) Same as the `MASTER_LOG_POS` mysql variable.
- `primary_password` (String) Same as the `MASTER_PASSWORD` mysql variable.
- `primary_port` (Number) Same as the `MASTER_PORT` mysql variable.
- `primary_ssl` (Boolean) Same as the `MASTER_SSL` mysql variable. When setting it to `yes`, the connection attempt only succeeds if an encrypted connection can be established. For details, refer to [MySQL encrypted replication documentation](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/replication-solutions-encrypted-connections.html). The default is `false`.
- `primary_ssl_ca` (String) Same as the `MASTER_SSL_CA` mysql variable. For details, refer to [MySQL encrypted replication documentation](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/replication-solutions-encrypted-connections.html).
- `primary_ssl_capath` (String) Same as the `MASTER_SSL_CAPATH` mysql variable. For details, refer to [MySQL encrypted replication documentation](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/replication-solutions-encrypted-connections.html).
- `primary_ssl_cert` (String) Same as the `MASTER_SSL_CERT` mysql variable. For details, refer to [MySQL encrypted replication documentation](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/replication-solutions-encrypted-connections.html).
- `primary_ssl_cipher` (String) Same as the `MASTER_SSL_CIPHER` mysql variable. Specifies a colon-separated list of one or more ciphers permitted by the replica for the replication connection. For details, refer to [MySQL encrypted replication documentation](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/replication-solutions-encrypted-connections.html).
- `primary_ssl_key` (String) Same as the `MASTER_SSL_KEY` mysql variable. For details, refer to [MySQL encrypted replication documentation](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/replication-solutions-encrypted-connections.html).
- `primary_ssl_verify_server_cert` (Boolean) Same as `MASTER_SSL_VERIFY_SERVER_CERT` MySQL/MariaDB variable. The module switch automatically to `SOURCE_SSL_VERIFY_SERVER_CERT` for MySQL 8.0.23 and later. Prior to community.mysql 3.14.0 `false` had no effect.
- `primary_use_gtid` (String) Configures the replica to use the MariaDB Global Transaction ID. `disabled` equals MASTER_USE_GTID=no command. To find information about available values see https://mariadb.com/kb/en/library/change-master-to/#master_use_gtid. Available since MariaDB 10.0.2.
- `primary_user` (String) Same as the `MASTER_USER` mysql variable.
- `relay_log_file` (String) Same as mysql variable.
- `relay_log_pos` (Number) Same as mysql variable.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `queries` (String) List of executed queries which modified DB's state.
