---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_apt_rpm Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_apt_rpm (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clean` (Boolean) Run the equivalent of `apt-get clean` to clear out the local repository of retrieved package files. It removes everything but the lock file from `/var/cache/apt/archives/` and `/var/cache/apt/archives/partial/`. Can be run as part of the package installation (clean runs before install) or as a separate step.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dist_upgrade` (Boolean) If true performs an `apt-get dist-upgrade` to upgrade system.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `package` (String) List of packages to install, upgrade, or remove. Since community.general 8.0.0, may include paths to local `.rpm` files if `state=installed` or `state=present`, requires `rpm` Python module.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicates the desired package state. The states `latest` and `present_not_latest` have been added in community.general 8.6.0. Please note before community.general 11.0.0, `present` and `installed` were equivalent to `latest`. This changed in community.general 11.0.0. Now they are equivalent to `present_not_latest`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_cache` (Boolean) Run the equivalent of `apt-get update` before the operation. Can be run as part of the package installation or as a separate step. Default is not to update the cache.
- `update_kernel` (Boolean) If true performs an `update-kernel` to upgrade kernel packages.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
