---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_docker_docker_image Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_docker_docker_image (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Image name. Name format will be one of: `name`, `repository/name`, `registry_server:port/name`. When pushing or pulling an image the name can optionally include the tag by appending `:tag_name`. Note that image IDs (hashes) are only supported for `state=absent`, for `state=present` with `source=load`, and for `state=present` with `source=local`.

### Optional

- `archive_path` (String) Use with `state=present` to archive an image to a `.tar` file.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `build` (String) Specifies options used for building images.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_absent` (Boolean) Use with `state=absent` to un-tag and remove all images matching the specified name.
- `force_source` (Boolean) Use with `state=present` to build, load or pull an image (depending on the value of the `source` option) when the image already exists.
- `force_tag` (Boolean) Use with `state=present` to force tagging an image.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `load_path` (String) Use with `state=present` to load an image from a `.tar` file. Set `source=load` if you want to load the image.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pull` (String) Specifies options used for pulling images.
- `push` (Boolean) Push the image to the registry. Specify the registry as part of the `name` or `repository` parameter.
- `repository` (String) Use with `state=present` to tag the image. Expects format `repository:tag`. If no tag is provided, will use the value of the `tag` parameter or `latest`. If `push=true`, `repository` must either include a registry, or will be assumed to belong to the default registry (Docker Hub).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) Determines where the module will try to retrieve the image from. Use `build` to build the image from a `Dockerfile`. `build.path` must be specified when this value is used. Use `load` to load the image from a `.tar` file. `load_path` must be specified when this value is used. Use `pull` to pull the image from a registry. Use `local` to make sure that the image is already available on the local docker daemon. This means that the module does not try to build, pull or load the image.
- `state` (String) Make assertions about the state of an image. When `absent` an image will be removed. Use the force option to un-tag and remove all images matching the provided name. When `present` check if an image exists using the provided name and tag. If the image is not found or the force option is used, the image will either be pulled, built or loaded, depending on the `source` option.
- `tag` (String) Used to select an image when pulling. Will be added to the image when pushing, tagging or building. Defaults to `latest`. If `name` parameter format is `name:tag`, then tag value from `name` will take precedence.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `image` (String) Image inspection results for the affected image.
- `stdout` (String) Docker build output when building an image.
