---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_hrobot_ssh_key Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_hrobot_ssh_key (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) Whether to make sure a public SSH key is present or absent. `present` makes sure that the SSH key is available, and potentially updates names for existing SSH public keys. `absent` makes sure that the SSH key is not available. The fingerprint or public key data is used for matching the key.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fingerprint` (String) The MD5 fingerprint of the public SSH key to remove. One of `public_key` and `fingerprint` are required if `state=absent`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The public key's name. Required if `state=present`, and ignored if `state=absent`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `public_key` (String) The public key data in OpenSSH format. Example: `ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc+..`. One of `public_key` and `fingerprint` are required if `state=absent`. Required if `state=present`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
