---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_s3_website Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_s3_website (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the s3 bucket
- `state` (String) Add or remove s3 website configuration

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `error_key` (String) The object key name to use when a 4XX class error occurs. To remove an error key, set to None.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `redirect_all_requests` (String) Describes the redirect behavior for every request to this s3 bucket website endpoint
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `suffix` (String) Suffix that is appended to a request that is for a directory on the website endpoint (e.g. if the suffix is index.html and you make a request to samplebucket/images/ the data that is returned will be for the object with the key name images/index.html). The suffix must not include a slash character.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_document` (String) error document
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `index_document` (String) index document
- `redirect_all_requests_to` (String) where to redirect requests
- `routing_rules` (String) routing rules
