---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_glue_crawler Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_glue_crawler (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name you assign to this crawler definition. It must be unique in your account.
- `state` (String) Create or delete the AWS Glue crawler.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `database_name` (String) The name of the database where results are written.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the crawler being defined.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `recrawl_policy` (String) A policy that specifies whether to crawl the entire dataset again, or to crawl only folders that were added since the last crawler run.
- `role` (String) The name or ARN of the IAM role associated with this crawler. Required when *state=present*.
- `schema_change_policy` (String) The policy for the crawler's update and deletion behavior.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `table_prefix` (String) The table prefix used for catalog tables that are created.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `targets` (String) A list of targets to crawl. See example below. Required when *state=present*.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creation_time` (String) The time and date that this crawler definition was created.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `last_updated` (String) The time and date that this crawler definition was last updated.
