---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_alternatives Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_alternatives (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The generic name of the link.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `family` (String) The family groups similar alternatives. This option is available only on RHEL-based distributions.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `link` (String) The path to the symbolic link that should point to the real executable. This option is always required on RHEL-based distributions. On Debian-based distributions this option is required when the alternative `name` is unknown to the system.
- `path` (String) The path to the real executable that the link should point to.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the alternative. If no priority is given for creation `50` is used as a fallback.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `present` - install the alternative (if not already installed), but do not set it as the currently selected alternative for the group. `selected` - install the alternative (if not already installed), and set it as the currently selected alternative for the group. `auto` - install the alternative (if not already installed), and set the group to auto mode. Added in community.general 5.1.0. `absent` - removes the alternative. Added in community.general 5.1.0.
- `subcommands` (String) A list of subcommands. Each subcommand needs a name, a link and a path parameter. Subcommands are also named `slaves` or `followers`, depending on the version of `alternatives`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
