---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_pagerduty_change Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_pagerduty_change (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `integration_key` (String) The integration key that identifies the service the change was made to. This can be found by adding an integration to a service in PagerDuty.
- `summary` (String) A short description of the change that occurred.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `link_text` (String) Descriptive text for a URL where more information about the deployment can be obtained.
- `link_url` (String) A URL where more information about the deployment can be obtained.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `repo` (String) The URL of the project repository.
- `revision` (String) An identifier of the revision being deployed, typically a number or SHA from a version control system.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) The source of the change event.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) URL to submit the change event to.
- `user` (String) The name of the user or process that triggered this deployment.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If `false`, SSL certificates for the target URL are not validated. This should only be used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
