---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_apache2_mod_proxy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_apache2_mod_proxy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `balancer_vhost` (String) (IPv4|IPv6|FQDN):port of the Apache httpd 2.4 mod_proxy balancer pool.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `balancer_url_suffix` (String) Suffix of the balancer pool URL required to access the balancer pool status page (for example `balancer_vhost[:port]/balancer_url_suffix`).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `member_host` (String) (IPv4|IPv6|FQDN) of the balancer member to get or to set attributes to. Port number is autodetected and should not be specified here. If undefined, the `community.general.apache2_mod_proxy` module returns a members list of dictionaries of all the current balancer pool members' attributes.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of the member host. States can be simultaneously invoked by separating them with a comma (for example `state=drained,ignore_errors`), but it is recommended to specify them as a proper YAML list. States `present` and `absent` must be used without any other state.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tls` (Boolean) Use https to access balancer management page.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Validate ssl/tls certificates.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `member` (String) Specific balancer member information dictionary, returned when the module is invoked with `member_host` parameter.
- `members` (String) List of member (defined above) dictionaries, returned when the module is invoked with no `member_host` and `state` args.
