---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_django_check Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_django_check (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `apps` (String) Restrict checks to specific applications. Default is to check all applications.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `databases` (String) Specify databases to run checks against. If not specified, Django does not run database tests. The parameter has been renamed to `databases` in community.general 11.3.0. The old name is still available as an alias.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deploy` (Boolean) Include additional checks relevant in a deployment setting.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `fail_level` (String) Message level that triggers failure. Default is the Django default value. Check the documentation for the version being used.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `run_info` (String) Command-line execution information.
- `version` (String) Version of Django.
