---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_java_keystore Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_java_keystore (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dest` (String) Absolute path of the generated keystore.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the certificate in the keystore. If the provided name does not exist in the keystore, the module re-creates the keystore. This behavior changed in community.general 3.0.0, before that the module would fail when the name did not match.
- `password` (String) Password that should be used to secure the keystore. If the provided password fails to unlock the keystore, the module re-creates the keystore with the new passphrase. This behavior changed in community.general 3.0.0, before that the module would fail when the password did not match.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `certificate` (String) Content of the certificate used to create the keystore. If the fingerprint of the provided certificate does not match the fingerprint of the certificate bundled in the keystore, the keystore is regenerated with the provided certificate. Exactly one of `certificate` or `certificate_path` is required.
- `certificate_path` (String) Location of the certificate used to create the keystore. If the fingerprint of the provided certificate does not match the fingerprint of the certificate bundled in the keystore, the keystore is regenerated with the provided certificate. Exactly one of `certificate` or `certificate_path` is required.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Keystore is created even if it already exists.
- `group` (String) Name of the group that should own jks file.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `keystore_type` (String) Type of the Java keystore. When this option is omitted and the keystore does not already exist, the behavior follows `keytool`'s default store type which depends on Java version; `pkcs12` since Java 9 and `jks` prior (may also be `pkcs12` if new default has been backported to this version). When this option is omitted and the keystore already exists, the current type is left untouched, unless another option leads to overwrite the keystore (in that case, this option behaves like for keystore creation). When `keystore_type` is set, the keystore is created with this type if it does not already exist, or is overwritten to match the given type in case of mismatch.
- `mode` (String) Mode the file should be.
- `owner` (String) Name of the user that should own jks file.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_key` (String) Content of the private key used to create the keystore. Exactly one of `private_key` or `private_key_path` is required.
- `private_key_passphrase` (String) Passphrase used to read the private key, if required.
- `private_key_path` (String) Location of the private key used to create the keystore. Exactly one of `private_key` or `private_key_path` is required.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssl_backend` (String) Backend for loading private keys and certificates.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cmd` (String) Executed command to get action done.
- `err` (String) Output from stderr of keytool/openssl command after error of given command.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
