---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_ecs_ecr Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_ecs_ecr (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the repository.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encryption_configuration` (String) The encryption configuration for the repository.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_absent` (Boolean) If *force_absent=true*, the repository will be removed, even if images are present.
- `force_set_policy` (Boolean) If *force_set_policy=false*, it prevents setting a policy that would prevent you from setting another policy in the future.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `image_tag_mutability` (String) Configure whether repository should be mutable (ie. an already existing tag can be overwritten) or not.
- `lifecycle_policy` (String) JSON or dict that represents the new lifecycle policy.
- `policy` (String) JSON or dict that represents the new policy.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_lifecycle_policy` (Boolean) if `true`, remove the lifecycle policy from the repository. Defaults to `false`.
- `purge_policy` (Boolean) If `true`, remove the policy from the repository. Defaults to `false`.
- `registry_id` (String) AWS account id associated with the registry. If not specified, the default registry is assumed.
- `scan_on_push` (Boolean) if `true`, images are scanned for known vulnerabilities after being pushed to the repository.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or destroy the repository.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `created` (Boolean) If true, the repository was created
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `repository` (String) The created or updated repository
