---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_config_delivery_channel Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_config_delivery_channel (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the AWS Config resource.
- `s3_bucket` (String) The name of the Amazon S3 bucket to which AWS Config delivers configuration snapshots and configuration history files.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delivery_frequency` (String) The frequency with which AWS Config delivers configuration snapshots.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `kms_key_arn` (String) The ARN of a KMS key used to encrypt objects delivered by Config. The key must belong to the same region as the destination S3 bucket.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `s3_prefix` (String) The prefix for the specified Amazon S3 bucket.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sns_topic_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the Amazon SNS topic to which AWS Config sends notifications about configuration changes.
- `state` (String) Whether the Config rule should be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
