---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_vm_config_option Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_vm_config_option (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the cluster. If `esxi_hostname` is not given, this parameter is required.
- `datacenter` (String) The datacenter name used to get specified cluster or host.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `esxi_hostname` (String) ESXi hostname. Obtain VM configure options on this ESXi host. If `cluster_name` is not given, this parameter is required.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `get_config_options` (Boolean) Return the dict of VM recommended config options for guest ID specified by `guest_id` with hardware version specified by `hardware_version` or the default hardware version. When set to `true`, `guest_id` must be set.
- `get_guest_os_ids` (Boolean) Return the list of guest OS IDs supported on the specified entity. If `hardware_version` is set, will return the corresponding guest OS ID list supported, or will return the guest OS ID list for the default hardware version.
- `get_hardware_versions` (Boolean) Return the list of VM hardware versions supported for creation and the default hardware version on the specified entity.
- `guest_id` (String) The guest OS ID from the returned list when `get_guest_os_ids=true`, e.g., 'rhel8_64Guest'. This parameter must be set when `get_config_options=true`.
- `hardware_version` (String) The hardware version from the returned list when `get_hardware_versions=true`, e.g., 'vmx-19'.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `instance` (String) metadata about the VM recommended configuration
