---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_globalmacro Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_globalmacro (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `macro_name` (String) Name of the global macro in zabbix native format `{$MACRO}` or simple format `MACRO`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Only updates an existing macro if set to `yes`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `macro_description` (String) Text Description of the global macro.
- `macro_type` (String) Type of the global macro Text or Secret Text. Required if *state=present*. text secret - Secret Text Works only with Zabbix >= 5.0 and will default to Text in lower versions vault - Vault Secret Works only with Zabbix >= 5.2 and will default to Text in lower versions
- `macro_value` (String) Value of the global macro. Required if *state=present*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the macro. On `present`, it will create if macro does not exist or update the macro if the associated data is different. On `absent` will remove a macro if it exists.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
