---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_apk Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_apk (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `available` (Boolean) During upgrade, reset versioned world dependencies and change logic to prefer replacing or downgrading packages (instead of holding them) if the currently installed package is no longer available from any repository.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) A package name, like `foo`, or multiple packages, like `foo,bar`. Do not include additional whitespace when specifying multiple packages as a string. Prefer YAML lists over comma-separating multiple package names.
- `no_cache` (Boolean) Do not use any local cache path.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `repository` (String) A package repository or multiple repositories. Unlike with the underlying apk command, this list overrides the system repositories rather than supplement them.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicates the desired package(s) state. `present` ensures the package(s) is/are present. `installed` can be used as an alias. `absent` ensures the package(s) is/are absent. `removed` can be used as an alias. `latest` ensures the package(s) is/are present and the latest version(s).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_cache` (Boolean) Update repository indexes. Can be run with other steps or on its own.
- `upgrade` (Boolean) Upgrade all installed packages to their latest version.
- `world` (String) Use a custom world file when checking for explicitly installed packages. The file is used only when a value is provided for `name`, and `state` is set to `present` or `latest`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `packages` (String) A list of packages that have been changed.
