---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_vmkernel Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_vmkernel (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `esxi_hostname` (String) Name of ESXi host to which VMKernel is to be managed.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `portgroup_name` (String) The name of the port group for the VMKernel interface.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device` (String) Search VMkernel adapter by device name. The parameter is required only in case of `network.type=dhcp`.
- `dvswitch_name` (String) The name of the vSphere Distributed Switch (vDS) where to add the VMKernel interface. Required parameter only if `state=present`. Optional parameter from version 2.8 and onwards.
- `enable_backup_nfc` (Boolean) Enable vSphere Backup NFC traffic on the VMKernel adapter. This option is only allowed if the default TCP/IP stack is used.
- `enable_ft` (Boolean) Enable Fault Tolerance traffic on the VMKernel adapter. This option is only allowed if the default TCP/IP stack is used.
- `enable_mgmt` (Boolean) Enable Management traffic on the VMKernel adapter. This option is only allowed if the default TCP/IP stack is used.
- `enable_provisioning` (Boolean) Enable Provisioning traffic on the VMKernel adapter. This option is only allowed if the default TCP/IP stack is used.
- `enable_replication` (Boolean) Enable vSphere Replication traffic on the VMKernel adapter. This option is only allowed if the default TCP/IP stack is used.
- `enable_replication_nfc` (Boolean) Enable vSphere Replication NFC traffic on the VMKernel adapter. This option is only allowed if the default TCP/IP stack is used.
- `enable_vmotion` (Boolean) Enable vMotion traffic on the VMKernel adapter. This option is only allowed if the default TCP/IP stack is used. You cannot enable vMotion on an additional adapter if you already have an adapter with the vMotion TCP/IP stack configured.
- `enable_vsan` (Boolean) Enable VSAN traffic on the VMKernel adapter. This option is only allowed if the default TCP/IP stack is used.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mtu` (Number) The MTU for the VMKernel interface. The default value of 1500 is valid from version 2.5 and onwards.
- `network` (String) A dictionary of network details.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If set to `present`, the VMKernel adapter will be created with the given specifications. If set to `absent`, the VMKernel adapter will be removed. If set to `present` and VMKernel adapter exists, the configurations will be updated.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vswitch_name` (String) The name of the vSwitch where to add the VMKernel interface. Required parameter only if `state=present`. Optional parameter from version 2.5 and onwards.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) metadata about VMKernel name
