---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_launchd Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_launchd (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the service.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the service should start on boot. **At least one of state and enabled are required**.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_stop` (Boolean) Whether the service should not be restarted automatically by launchd. Services might have the `KeepAlive` attribute set to `true` in a launchd configuration. In case this is set to `true`, stopping a service causes that `launchd` starts the service again. Set this option to `true` to let this module change the `KeepAlive` attribute to `false`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `plist` (String) Name of the `.plist` file for the service. Defaults to `{name}.plist`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `started`/`stopped` are idempotent actions that do not run commands unless necessary. `launchd` does not support `restarted` nor `reloaded` natively. These states trigger a stop/start (restarted) or an unload/load (reloaded). `restarted` unloads and loads the service before start to ensure that the latest job definition (plist) is used. `reloaded` unloads and loads the service to ensure that the latest job definition (plist) is used. Whether a service is started or stopped depends on the content of the definition file.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `status` (String) Metadata about service status.
