---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_mysql_mysql_role Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_mysql_mysql_role (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the role to add or remove.

### Optional

- `admin` (String) Supported by **MariaDB**. Name of the admin user of the role (the *login_user*, by default).
- `append_members` (Boolean) Add members defined by the *members* option to the existing ones for this role instead of overwriting them. Mutually exclusive with the *detach_members* and *admin* option.
- `append_privs` (Boolean) Append the privileges defined by the *priv* option to the existing ones for this role instead of overwriting them. Mutually exclusive with *subtract_privs*.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `check_implicit_admin` (Boolean) Check if mysql allows login as root/nopassword before trying supplied credentials. If success, passed *login_user*/*login_password* will be ignored.
- `column_case_sensitive` (Boolean) The default is `true`. When `true`, the module will not uppercase the field in the privileges. When `false`, the field names will be upper-cased. This was the default before this feature was introduced but since MySQL/MariaDB is case sensitive you should set this to `true` in most cases. The default changed from `false` to `true` in v4.0.0
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `detach_members` (Boolean) Detaches members defined by the *members* option from the role instead of overwriting all the current members. Mutually exclusive with the *append_members* and *admin* option.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `members` (String) List of members of the role. For users, use the format `username@hostname`. Always specify the hostname part explicitly. For roles, use the format `rolename`. Mutually exclusive with *admin*.
- `members_must_exist` (Boolean) When `yes`, the module fails if any user in *members* does not exist. When `no`, users in *members* which don't exist are simply skipped.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `priv` (String) MySQL privileges string in the format: `db.table:priv1,priv2`. You can specify multiple privileges by separating each one using a forward slash: `db.table:priv/db.table:priv`. The format is based on MySQL `GRANT` statement. Database and table names can be quoted, MySQL-style. If column privileges are used, the `priv1,priv2` part must be exactly as returned by a `SHOW GRANT` statement. If not followed, the module will always report changes. It includes grouping columns by permission (`SELECT(col1,col2`) instead of `SELECT(col1`,SELECT(col2))). Can be passed as a dictionary (see the examples). Supports GRANTs for procedures and functions (see the examples for the `community.mysql.mysql_user` module).
- `set_default_role_all` (Boolean) Is not supported by MariaDB and is silently ignored when working with MariaDB. If `yes`, runs **SET DEFAULT ROLE ALL TO** each of the *members* when changed. If you want to avoid this behavior, set this option to `no` explicitly.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If `present` and the role does not exist, creates the role. If `present` and the role exists, does nothing or updates its attributes. If `absent`, removes the role.
- `subtract_privs` (Boolean) Revoke the privileges defined by the *priv* option and keep other existing privileges. If set, invalid privileges in *priv* are ignored. Mutually exclusive with *append_privs*.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
