---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_consul_agent_service Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_consul_agent_service (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `address` (String) The address to advertise that the service listens on. This value is passed as the `address` parameter to Consul's `/v1/agent/service/register` API method, so refer to the Consul API documentation for further details.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable_tag_override` (Boolean) Specifies to disable the anti-entropy feature for this service's tags. If `EnableTagOverride` is set to true then external agents can update this service in the catalog and modify the tags.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `meta` (String) Optional meta data used for filtering. For keys, the characters `A-Z`, `a-z`, `0-9`, `_`, `-` are allowed. Not allowed characters are replaced with underscores.
- `name` (String) Unique name for the service on a node, must be unique per node, required if registering a service.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `service_port` (Number) The port on which the service is listening. Can optionally be supplied for registration of a service, that is if `name` or `id` is set.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the service should be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `weights` (String) Specifies weights for the service.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `operation` (String) The operation performed.
- `service` (String) The service as returned by the Consul HTTP API.
