---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_xbps Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_xbps (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `accept_pubkey` (Boolean) Whether or not repository signing keys should be automatically accepted.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Name of the package to install, upgrade, or remove.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `recurse` (Boolean) When removing a package, also remove its dependencies, provided that they are not required by other packages and were not explicitly installed by a user.
- `repositories` (String) Repository URL(s) to prepend to the repository list for the package installation. The URL can be remote repositories or paths for local repositories.
- `root` (String) The full path for the target root directory.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of the package.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_cache` (Boolean) Whether or not to refresh the master package lists. This can be run as part of a package installation or as a separate step.
- `upgrade` (Boolean) Whether or not to upgrade whole system.
- `upgrade_xbps` (Boolean) Whether or not to upgrade the `xbps` package when necessary. Before installing new packages, `xbps` requires the user to update itself. Thus when this option is set to `false`, upgrades and installations fail when `xbps` is not up to date.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Message about results.
- `packages` (String) Packages that are affected/would be affected.
