---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_all_snapshots_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_all_snapshots_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datacenter` (String) The name of the datacenter to gather snapshot information from. You can get it in the vmware UI.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filters` (String) Optional filters to apply to the snapshot data being gathered, you can apply one or more. Filters are applied based on the variable match_type specified. If match_type exact, filters require exact matches. On the other hand when match_type includes it gets the values that contain that value. Available filter options creation_time, description, folder, id, name, quiesced, state, vm_name. Multiple filters can be applied the snapshot must meet all filter criteria to be included in the results.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `match_type` (String) Indicates whether the filter match should be exact or includes. For example when you want to get all the snapshots that contain in their name the word test you place the filter name test and the match_type includes. For example when you want to get all snapshots that are in state poweredOn you skip the match_type default is exact  or you write match_type exact.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vmware_all_snapshots_info` (String) A list of all snapshots information across all virtual machines in the specified datacenter
