---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ipa_getkeytab Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ipa_getkeytab (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) The base path where to put generated keytab file.
- `principal` (String) The non-realm part of the full principal name.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bind_dn` (String) The LDAP DN to bind as when retrieving a keytab without Kerberos credentials. Generally used with the `bind_pw` option.
- `bind_pw` (String) The LDAP password to use when not binding with Kerberos.
- `ca_cert` (String) The path to the IPA CA certificate used to validate LDAPS/STARTTLS connections.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encryption_types` (String) The list of encryption types to use to generate keys. It uses local client defaults if not provided. Valid values depend on the Kerberos library version and configuration.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Force recreation if exists already.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipa_host` (String) The IPA server to retrieve the keytab from (FQDN).
- `ldap_uri` (String) LDAP URI. If `ldap://` is specified, STARTTLS is initiated by default. Can not be used with the `ipa_host` option.
- `password` (String) Use this password for the key instead of one randomly generated.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `retrieve_mode` (Boolean) Retrieve an existing key from the server instead of generating a new one. This is incompatible with the `password`, and works only against a IPA server more recent than version 3.3. The user requesting the keytab must have access to the keys for this operation to succeed. Be aware that if set `true`, a new keytab is generated. This invalidates all previously retrieved keytabs for this service principal.
- `sasl_mech` (String) SASL mechanism to use if `bind_dn` and `bind_pw` are not specified.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of the keytab file. `present` only check for existence of a file, if you want to recreate keytab with other parameters you should set `force=true`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
