---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ipa_host Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ipa_host (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `fqdn` (String) Full qualified domain name. Can not be changed as it is the unique identifier.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A description of this host.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Force host name even if not in DNS.
- `force_creation` (Boolean) Create host if `state=disabled` or `state=enabled` but not present.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_address` (String) Add the host to DNS with this IP address.
- `l` (String) Host locality (for example `Baltimore, MD`).
- `mac_address` (String) List of Hardware MAC address(es) off this host. If option is omitted MAC addresses are not checked nor changed. If an empty list is passed all assigned MAC addresses are removed. MAC addresses that are already assigned but not passed are removed.
- `ns_hardware_platform` (String) Host hardware platform (for example `Lenovo T61"`).
- `ns_host_location` (String) Host location (for example `Lab 2`).
- `ns_os_version` (String) Host operating system and version (for example `Fedora 9`).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `random_password` (Boolean) Generate a random password to be used in bulk enrollment.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State to ensure.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_dns` (Boolean) If set `true` with `state=absent`, then removes DNS records of the host managed by FreeIPA DNS. This option has no effect for states other than `absent`.
- `user_certificate` (String) List of Base-64 encoded server certificates. If option is omitted certificates are not checked nor changed. If an empty list is passed all assigned certificates are removed. Certificates already assigned but not passed are removed.
- `userclass` (String) Host category (semantics placed on this attribute are for local interpretation).

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `host` (String) Host as returned by IPA API.
- `host_diff` (String) List of options that differ and would be changed.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
