---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_jira Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_jira (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `operation` (String) The operation to perform. `worklog` was added in community.general 6.5.0.
- `uri` (String) Base URI for the JIRA instance.

### Optional

- `account_id` (String) Sets the account identifier for the assignee when `operation` is `create`, `transition`, or `edit`. Note that JIRA may not allow changing field values on specific transitions or states.
- `assignee` (String) Sets the assignee when `operation` is `create`, `transition`, or `edit`. Recent versions of JIRA no longer accept a user name as a user identifier. In that case, use `account_id` instead. Note that JIRA may not allow changing field values on specific transitions or states.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attachment` (String) Information about the attachment being uploaded.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client_cert` (String) Client certificate if required. In addition to `username` and `password` or `token`. Not mutually exclusive.
- `client_key` (String) Client certificate key if required. In addition to `username` and `password` or `token`. Not mutually exclusive.
- `comment` (String) The comment text to add. Note that JIRA may not allow changing field values on specific transitions or states.
- `comment_visibility` (String) Used to specify comment comment visibility. See https://developer.atlassian.com/cloud/jira/platform/rest/v2/api-group-issue-comments/#api-rest-api-2-issue-issueidorkey-comment-post for details.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The issue description, where appropriate. Note that JIRA may not allow changing field values on specific transitions or states.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fields` (String) This is a free-form data structure that can contain arbitrary data. This is passed directly to the JIRA REST API (possibly after merging with other required data, as when passed to create). See examples for more information, and the JIRA REST API for the structure required for various fields. When passed to comment, the data structure is merged at the first level since community.general 4.6.0. Useful to add JIRA properties for example. Note that JIRA may not allow changing field values on specific transitions or states.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `inwardissue` (String) Set issue from which link is created.
- `issue` (String) An existing issue key to operate on.
- `issuetype` (String) The issue type, for issue creation.
- `jql` (String) Query JIRA in JQL Syntax, for example `"CMDB Hostname" = test.example.com`.
- `linktype` (String) Set type of link, when action 'link' selected.
- `maxresults` (Number) Limit the result of `operation=search`. If no value is specified, the default JIRA limit is used. Used when `operation=search` only, ignored otherwise.
- `outwardissue` (String) Set issue to which link is created.
- `password` (String) The password to log-in with. Must be used with `username`. Mutually exclusive with `token`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The project for this operation. Required for issue creation.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `status` (String) Only used when `operation` is `transition`, and a bit of a misnomer, it actually refers to the transition name. This is mutually exclusive with `status_id`.
- `status_id` (String) Only used when `operation` is `transition`, and refers to the transition ID. This is mutually exclusive with `status`.
- `summary` (String) The issue summary, where appropriate. Note that JIRA may not allow changing field values on specific transitions or states.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) The personal access token to log-in with. Mutually exclusive with `username` and `password`.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) The username to log-in with. Must be used with `password`. Mutually exclusive with `token`.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Require valid SSL certificates (set to `false` if you would like to use self-signed certificates).

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
