---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_cpanm Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_cpanm (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) Override the path to the `cpanm` executable.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `from_path` (String) The local directory or `tar.gz` file to install from.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `install_recommendations` (Boolean) If `true`, installs dependencies declared as recommends per META spec. If `false`, it ensures the dependencies declared as recommends are not installed, overriding any decision made earlier in `PERL_CPANM_OPT`. If parameter is not set, `cpanm` uses its existing defaults. When these dependencies fail to install, cpanm continues the installation, since they are just recommendation.
- `install_suggestions` (Boolean) If `true`, installs dependencies declared as suggests per META spec. If `false`, it ensures the dependencies declared as suggests are not installed, overriding any decision made earlier in `PERL_CPANM_OPT`. If parameter is not set, `cpanm` uses its existing defaults. When these dependencies fail to install, `cpanm` continues the installation, since they are just suggestions.
- `installdeps` (Boolean) Only install dependencies.
- `locallib` (String) Specify the install base to install modules.
- `mirror` (String) Specifies the base URL for the CPAN mirror to use.
- `mirror_only` (Boolean) Use the mirror's index file instead of the CPAN Meta DB.
- `mode` (String) Controls the module behavior. See notes below for more details. The default changed from `compatibility` to `new` in community.general 9.0.0. `mode=new`: The `name` parameter may refer to a module name, a distribution file, a HTTP URL or a git repository URL as described in `cpanminus` documentation. `cpanm` version specifiers are recognized. This is the default mode from community.general 9.0.0 onwards. `mode=compatibility`: This was the default mode before community.general 9.0.0. `name` must be either a module name or a distribution file. If the perl module given by `name` is installed (at the exact `version` when specified), then nothing happens. Otherwise, it is installed using the `cpanm` executable. `name` cannot be an URL, or a git URL. `cpanm` version specifiers do not work in this mode. **ATTENTION**: `compatibility` mode is deprecated and will be removed in community.general 13.0.0.
- `name` (String) The Perl library to install. Valid values change according to the `mode`, see notes for more details. Note that for installing from a local path the parameter `from_path` should be used.
- `name_check` (String) When `mode=new`, this parameter can be used to check if there is a module `name` installed (at `version`, when specified).
- `notest` (Boolean) Do not run unit tests.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `version` (String) Version specification for the perl module. When `mode=new`, `cpanm` version operators are accepted.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cpanm_version` (String) Version of CPANMinus.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
