---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_gitlab_group_access_token Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_gitlab_group_access_token (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `expires_at` (String) Expiration date of the access token in `YYYY-MM-DD` format. Make sure to quote this value in YAML to ensure it is kept as a string and not interpreted as a YAML date.
- `group` (String) ID or full path of group in the form of group/subgroup.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Access token's name.
- `scopes` (String) Scope of the access token. The values `read_virtual_registry`, `write_virtual_registry`, `manage_runner`, and `self_rotate` were added in community.general 11.3.0.

### Optional

- `access_level` (String) Access level of the access token. The value `planner` was added in community.general 11.3.0.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `recreate` (String) Whether the access token is recreated if it already exists. When `never` the token is never recreated. When `always` the token is always recreated. When `state_change` the token is recreated if there is a difference between desired state and actual state.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `present` the access token is added to the group if it does not exist. When `absent` it is removed from the group if it exists.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `access_token` (String) API object. Only contains the value of the token if the token was created or recreated.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
