---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_instant_clone Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_instant_clone (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datacenter` (String) Name of the datacenter, where VM to be deployed.
- `datastore` (String) The name of the datastore or the datastore cluster. If datastore cluster name is specified, module will find the Storage DRS recommended datastore in that cluster.
- `host` (String) Name of the ESX Host in datacenter in which to place cloned VM. The host has to be a member of the cluster that contains the resource pool. Required with `resource_pool` to find resource pool details. This will be used as additional information when there are resource pools with same name.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the Cloned virtual machine.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Destination folder, absolute path to deploy the cloned vm. Examples: folder: ha-datacenter/vm folder: /datacenter1/vm
- `guestinfo_vars` (String) Provides GuestOS Customization functionality in instant cloned VM. A list of key value pairs that will be passed to the destination VM. These pairs should be used to provide user-defined customization to differentiate the destination VM from the source VM.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the vm instance to manage if known, this is a unique identifier only within a single vCenter instance. This is required if `parent_vm` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `parent_vm` (String) Name of the parent virtual machine. This is a required parameter, if parameter `uuid` or `moid` is not supplied.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resource_pool` (String) Name of the resource pool in datacenter in which to place deployed VM. `Resources` is the default name of resource pool.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_instance_uuid` (Boolean) Whether to use the VMware instance UUID rather than the BIOS UUID.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the vm instance to clone from, this is VMware's unique identifier. This is a required parameter, if parameter `parent_vm` or `moid` is not supplied.
- `vm_password` (String) The password used to login-in to the virtual machine. Only required when using guest customization feature.
- `vm_username` (String) The user to login-in to the virtual machine. Only required when using guest customization feature.
- `wait_vm_tools` (Boolean) Whether waiting until vm tools start after rebooting an instant clone vm.
- `wait_vm_tools_timeout` (Number) Define a timeout (in seconds) for the `wait_vm_tools` parameter.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vm_info` (String) metadata about the virtual machine
