---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ipa_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ipa_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cn` (String) Canonical name. Can not be changed as it is the unique identifier.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `append` (Boolean) If `true`, add the listed `user` and `group` to the group members. If `false`, only the listed `user` and `group` are set as group members, removing any other members.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the group.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `external` (Boolean) Allow adding external non-IPA members from trusted domains.
- `external_user` (String) List of external users assigned to this group. Behaves identically to `user` with respect to `append` attribute. List entries can be in `DOMAIN\\\\username` or SID format. Unless SIDs are provided, the module always attempts to make changes even if the group already has all the users. This is because only SIDs are returned by IPA query. `external=true` is needed for this option to work.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gidnumber` (String) GID (use this option to set it manually).
- `group` (String) List of group names assigned to this group. If `append=false` and an empty list is passed all groups are removed from this group. Groups that are already assigned but not passed are removed. If `append=true` the listed groups are assigned without removing other groups. If option is omitted assigned groups are not checked or changed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `nonposix` (Boolean) Create as a non-POSIX group.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State to ensure.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user` (String) List of user names assigned to this group. If `append=false` and an empty list is passed all users are removed from this group. Users that are already assigned but not passed are removed. If `append=true` the listed users are assigned without removing other users. If option is omitted assigned users are not checked or changed.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
