---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_gitlab_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_gitlab_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `username` (String) The username of the user.

### Optional

- `access_level` (String) The access level to the group. The value `master` is an alias for `maintainer`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `confirm` (Boolean) Require confirmation.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `email` (String) The email that belongs to the user. Required only if `state=present`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `external` (Boolean) Define external parameter for this user.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `group` (String) ID or Full path of parent group in the form of group/name. Add user as a member to this group.
- `identities` (String) List of identities to be added/updated for this user. To remove all other identities from this user, set `overwrite_identities=true`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `isadmin` (Boolean) Grant admin privileges to the user.
- `name` (String) Name of the user you want to create. Required only if `state=present`.
- `overwrite_identities` (Boolean) Overwrite identities with identities added in this module. This means that all identities that the user has and that are not listed in `identities` are removed from the user. This is only done if a list is provided for `identities`. To remove all identities, provide an empty list.
- `password` (String) The password of the user. GitLab server enforces minimum password length to 8, set this value with 8 or more characters.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reset_password` (Boolean) Whether the user can change its password or not.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sshkey_expires_at` (String) The expiration date of the SSH public key in ISO 8601 format `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ`. This is only used when adding new SSH public keys.
- `sshkey_file` (String) The SSH public key itself.
- `sshkey_name` (String) The name of the SSH public key.
- `state` (String) Create, delete or block a user.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error` (String) The error message returned by the GitLab API.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Success or failure message.
- `result` (String) JSON-parsed response from the server.
- `user` (String) API object.
