---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_robocopy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_robocopy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dest` (String) Destination file/directory to sync (Will receive contents of src).
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `src` (String) Source file/directory to sync.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `flags` (String) Directly supply Robocopy flags. If set, `purge` and `recurse` will be ignored.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge` (Boolean) Deletes any files/directories found in the destination that do not exist in the source. Toggles the `/purge` flag to RoboCopy. If `flags` is set, this will be ignored.
- `recurse` (Boolean) Includes all subdirectories (Toggles the `/e` flag to RoboCopy). If `flags` is set, this will be ignored.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cmd` (String) The used command line.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Output interpreted into a concise message.
- `output` (String) The output of running the robocopy command.
- `rc` (Number) The return code returned by robocopy.
