---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxysql_proxysql_mysql_hostgroup_attributes Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxysql_proxysql_mysql_hostgroup_attributes (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `hostgroup_id` (Number) ID of the hostgroup

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `autocommit` (Number) Not yet implemented (as per ProxySQL documentation).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Text field that can be used for any purposes defined by the user.
- `connection_warming` (Number) Whether ProxySQL will opening new connections until the expected number of warm connections is reached
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `free_connections_pct` (Number) The percentage of open idle connections for each server in a hostgroup.
- `hostgroup_settings` (String) Override certain global configurations.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_session_variables` (String) Not yet implemented (as per ProxySQL documentation).
- `init_connect` (String) Semicolon-delimited string of SQL statements to be executed for each back-end connection when initialized.
- `max_num_online_servers` (Number) Prevents new connections when the number of ONLINE servers in the hostgroup exceeds this number.
- `multiplex` (Number) Enables or disables multiplexing for the specific hostgroup
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `servers_defaults` (String) Provide default values for discovered servers.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `present` - adds the hostgroup attributes, when `absent` - removes the hostgroup attributes.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `throttle_connections_per_sec` (Number) Maximum number of new connections that can be opened per second.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `stdout` (String) The mysql_hostgroup_override modified or removed from ProxySQL.
