---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_github_key Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_github_key (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) SSH key name.
- `token` (String) GitHub Access Token with permission to list and create public keys.

### Optional

- `api_url` (String) URL to the GitHub API if not using github.com but your own GitHub Enterprise instance.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) The default is `true`, which replaces the existing remote key if it is different than `pubkey`. If `false`, the key is only set if no key with the given `name` exists.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pubkey` (String) SSH public key value. Required when `state=present`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether to remove a key, ensure that it exists, or update its value.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `deleted_keys` (String) An array of key objects that were deleted. Only present on state=absent.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `key` (String) Metadata about the key just created. Only present on state=present.
- `matching_keys` (String) An array of keys matching the specified name. Only present on state=present.
