---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_crypttab Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_crypttab (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the encrypted block device as it appears in the `/etc/crypttab` file, or optionally prefixed with `/dev/mapper/`, as it appears in the filesystem. `/dev/mapper/` is stripped from `name`.
- `state` (String) Use `present` to add a line to `/etc/crypttab` or update its definition if already present. Use `absent` to remove a line with matching `name`. Use `opts_present` to add options to those already present; options with different values are updated. Use `opts_absent` to remove options from the existing set.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backing_device` (String) Path to the underlying block device or file, or the UUID of a block-device prefixed with `UUID=`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `opts` (String) A comma-delimited list of options. See `crypttab(5\`) for details.
- `password` (String) Encryption password, the path to a file containing the password, or `-` or unset if the password should be entered at boot.
- `path` (String) Path to file to use instead of `/etc/crypttab`. This might be useful in a chroot environment.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
