---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_sorcery Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_sorcery (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cache_valid_time` (Number) Time in seconds to invalidate grimoire collection on update. Especially useful for SCM and rsync grimoires. Makes sense only in pair with `update_cache`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `depends` (String) Comma-separated list of _optional_ dependencies to build a spell (or make sure it is built) with; use `+`/`-` in front of dependency to turn it on/off (`+` is optional though). This option is ignored if `name` parameter is equal to `*` or contains more than one spell. Providers must be supplied in the form recognized by Sorcery, for example '`openssl(SSL\`)'.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Name of the spell or grimoire. Multiple names can be given, separated by commas. Special value `*` in conjunction with states `latest` or `rebuild` updates or rebuilds the whole system respectively. The alias `grimoire` was added in community.general 7.3.0.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `repository` (String) Repository location. If specified, `name` represents grimoire(s) instead of spell(s). Special value `*` pulls grimoire from the official location. Only single item in `name` in conjunction with `*` can be used. `state=absent` must be used with a special value `*`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether to cast, dispel or rebuild a package. State `cast` is an equivalent of `present`, not `latest`. State `rebuild` implies cast of all specified spells, not only those existed before.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update` (Boolean) Whether or not to update sorcery scripts at the very first stage.
- `update_cache` (Boolean) Whether or not to update grimoire collection before casting spells.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
