---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_vm_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_vm_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config` (String) Whether to retrieve the VM configuration along with VM status. If set to `none` (default), no configuration will be returned. If set to `current`, the current running configuration will be returned. If set to `pending`, the configuration with pending changes applied will be returned.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Restrict results to a specific virtual machine(s) by using their name. If V`s` with the specified name do not exist in a cluster then the resulting list will be empty.
- `network` (Boolean) Whether to retrieve the current network status. Requires enabled/running qemu-guest-agent on qemu VMs.
- `node` (String) Restrict results to a specific Proxmox VE node.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Restrict results to a specific virtual machine(s) type.
- `vmid` (Number) Restrict results to a specific virtual machine by using its ID. If VM with the specified vmid does not exist in a cluster then resulting list will be empty.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `proxmox_vms` (String) List of virtual machines.
