---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_msg Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_msg (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `display_seconds` (Number) How long to wait for receiver to acknowledge message, in seconds.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `msg` (String) The text of the message to be displayed. The message must be less than 256 characters.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `to` (String) Who to send the message to. Can be a username, sessionname or sessionid.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether to wait for users to respond.  Module will only wait for the number of seconds specified in display_seconds or 10 seconds if not specified. However, if *wait* is `yes`, the message is sent to each logged on user in turn, waiting for the user to either press 'ok' or for the timeout to elapse before moving on to the next user.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `rc` (Number) The return code of the API call.
- `runtime_seconds` (String) How long the module took to run on the remote windows host.
- `sent_localtime` (String) local time from windows host when the message was sent.
