---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_slot Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_postgresql_postgresql_slot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the replication slot to add or remove.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `immediately_reserve` (Boolean) Optional parameter that when `true` specifies that the LSN for this replication slot be reserved immediately, otherwise the default, `false`, specifies that the LSN is reserved on the first connection from a streaming replication client. Is available from PostgreSQL version 9.6. Uses only with *slot_type=physical*. Mutually exclusive with *slot_type=logical*.
- `login_db` (String) Name of database to connect to. The `db` alias is deprecated and will be removed in version 5.0.0.
- `output_plugin` (String) All logical slots must indicate which output plugin decoder they're using. This parameter does not apply to physical slots. It will be ignored with *slot_type=physical*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `session_role` (String) Switch to session_role after connecting. The specified session_role must be a role that the current login_user is a member of. Permissions checking for SQL commands is carried out as though the session_role were the one that had logged in originally.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `slot_type` (String) Slot type.
- `state` (String) The slot state. *state=present* implies the slot must be present in the system. *state=absent* implies the *groups* must be revoked from *target_roles*.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trust_input` (Boolean) If `false`, check the value of *session_role* is potentially dangerous. It makes sense to use `false` only when SQL injections via *session_role* are possible.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `queries` (String) List of executed queries.
