---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_waf_condition Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_waf_condition (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the Web Application Firewall condition to manage.
- `type` (String) The type of matching to perform.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filters` (String) A list of the filters against which to match. For *type=byte*, valid keys are *field_to_match*, *position*, *header*, *transformation* and *target_string*. For *type=geo*, the only valid key is *country*. For *type=ip*, the only valid key is *ip_address*. For *type=regex*, valid keys are *field_to_match*, *transformation* and *regex_pattern*. For *type=size*, valid keys are *field_to_match*, *transformation*, *comparison* and *size*. For *type=sql*, valid keys are *field_to_match* and *transformation*. For *type=xss*, valid keys are *field_to_match* and *transformation*. Required when *state=present*.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_filters` (Boolean) Whether to remove existing filters from a condition if not passed in *filters*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the condition should be `present` or `absent`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `waf_regional` (Boolean) Whether to use `waf-regional` module.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `condition` (String) Condition returned by operation.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
