---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_okd_openshift_import_image Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_okd_openshift_import_image (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Image stream to import tag into. This can be provided as a list of images streams or a single value.
- `namespace` (String) Use to specify namespace for image stream to create/update.

### Optional

- `all` (Boolean) If set to *true*, import all tags from the provided source on creation or if `source` is specified.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reference_policy` (String) Allow to request pullthrough for external image when set to *local*.
- `scheduled` (Boolean) Set each imported Docker image to be periodically imported from a remote repository.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) A Docker image repository to import images from. Should be provided as 'registry.io/repo/image'
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate_registry_certs` (Boolean) If set to *true*, allow importing from registries that have invalid HTTPS certificates. or are hosted via HTTP. This parameter will take precedence over the insecure annotation.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) List with all ImageStreamImport that have been created.
