---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxysql_proxysql_query_rules Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxysql_proxysql_query_rules (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `OK_msg` (String) The specified message will be returned for a query that uses the defined rule.
- `active` (Boolean) A rule with *active* set to `False` will be tracked in the database, but will be never loaded in the in-memory data structures.
- `apply` (Boolean) Used in combination with *flagIN* and *flagOUT* to create chains of rules. Setting apply to True signifies the last rule to be applied.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cache_empty_result` (Boolean) Controls if resultset without rows will be cached or not.
- `cache_ttl` (Number) The number of milliseconds for which to cache the result of the query. Note in ProxySQL 1.1 *cache_ttl* was in seconds.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client_addr` (String) Match traffic from a specific source.
- `comment` (String) Free form text field, usable for a descriptive comment of the query rule.
- `delay` (Number) Number of milliseconds to delay the execution of the query. This is essentially a throttling mechanism and QoS, and allows a way to give priority to queries over others. This value is added to the mysql-default_query_delay global variable that applies to all queries.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `destination_hostgroup` (Number) Route matched queries to this hostgroup. This happens unless there is a started transaction and the logged in user has *transaction_persistent* set to `True` (see `community.proxysql.proxysql_mysql_users`).
- `digest` (String) Match queries with a specific digest, as returned by stats_mysql_query_digest.digest.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `error_msg` (String) Query will be blocked, and the specified error_msg will be returned to the client.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `flagIN` (Number) Used in combination with *flagOUT* and *apply* to create chains of rules.
- `flagOUT` (Number) Used in combination with *flagIN* and apply to create chains of rules. When set, *flagOUT* signifies the *flagIN* to be used in the next chain of rules.
- `force_delete` (Boolean) By default we avoid deleting more than one schedule in a single batch, however if you need this behaviour and you are not concerned about the schedules deleted, you can set *force_delete* to `True`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `log` (Boolean) Query will be logged.
- `match_digest` (String) Regular expression that matches the query digest. The dialect of regular expressions used is that of re2 - https://github.com/google/re2.
- `match_pattern` (String) Regular expression that matches the query text. The dialect of regular expressions used is that of re2 - https://github.com/google/re2.
- `mirror_flagOUT` (Number) Enables query mirroring. If set *mirror_flagOUT* can be used to evaluates the mirrored query against the specified chain of rules.
- `mirror_hostgroup` (Number) Enables query mirroring. If set *mirror_hostgroup* can be used to mirror queries to the same or different hostgroup.
- `multiplex` (Number) If `0`, multiplex will be disabled. If `1`, try to enable multiplex. There can be other conditions preventing this (for example, user variables or transactions). If `2`, multiplexing is not disabled for just the current query. By default, does not change multiplexing policies.
- `negate_match_pattern` (Boolean) If *negate_match_pattern* is set to `True`, only queries not matching the query text will be considered as a match. This acts as a NOT operator in front of the regular expression matching against match_pattern.
- `next_query_flagIN` (Number) When is set, its value will become the *flagIN* value for the next queries.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `proxy_addr` (String) Match incoming traffic on a specific local IP.
- `proxy_port` (Number) Match incoming traffic on a specific local port.
- `re_modifiers` (String) Comma separated list of options to modify the behavior of the RE engine. With `CASELESS` the match is case insensitive. With `GLOBAL` the replace is global (replaces all matches and not just the first). For backward compatibility, only `CASELESS` is the enabled by default.
- `replace_pattern` (String) This is the pattern with which to replace the matched pattern. Note that this is optional, and when omitted, the query processor will only cache, route, or set other parameters without rewriting.
- `retries` (Number) The maximum number of times a query needs to be re-executed in case of detected failure during the execution of the query. If retries is not specified, the global variable mysql-query_retries_on_failure applies.
- `rule_id` (Number) The unique id of the rule. Rules are processed in rule_id order.
- `schemaname` (String) Filtering criteria matching schemaname. If *schemaname* is non-NULL, a query will match only if the connection uses schemaname as its default schema.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `present` - adds the rule, when `absent` - removes the rule.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Filtering criteria matching username.  If *username* is non-NULL, a query will match only if the connection is made with the correct username.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `stdout` (String) The mysql user modified or removed from proxysql.
