---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ovh_ip_failover Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ovh_ip_failover (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_key` (String) The applicationKey to use.
- `application_secret` (String) The application secret to use.
- `consumer_key` (String) The consumer key to use.
- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint to use (for instance `ovh-eu`).
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The IP address to manage (can be a single IP like `1.1.1.1` or a block like `1.1.1.1/28`).
- `service` (String) The name of the OVH service this IP address should be routed.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait_completion` (Boolean) If `true`, the module waits for the IP address to be moved. If false, exit without waiting. The `taskId` is returned in module output.
- `wait_task_completion` (Number) If not `0`, the module waits for this task ID to be completed. Use `wait_task_completion` if you want to wait for completion of a previously executed task with `wait_completion=false`. You can execute this module repeatedly on a list of failover IPs using `wait_completion=false` (see examples).

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
