---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_pkgng Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_pkgng (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name or list of names of packages to install/remove. With `name=*`, `state=latest` operates, but `state=present` and `state=absent` are noops.

### Optional

- `annotation` (String) A list of keyvalue-pairs of the form `<+/-/:><key>[=<value>]`. A `+` denotes adding an annotation, a `-` denotes removing an annotation, and `:` denotes modifying an annotation. If setting or modifying annotations, a value must be provided.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `autoremove` (Boolean) Remove automatically installed packages which are no longer needed.
- `cached` (Boolean) Use local package base instead of fetching an updated one.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chroot` (String) Pkg chroots in the specified environment. Can not be used together with `rootdir` or `jail` options.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_osver` (Boolean) Ignore FreeBSD OS version check, useful on `-STABLE` and `-CURRENT` branches. Defines the `IGNORE_OSVERSION` environment variable.
- `jail` (String) Pkg executes in the given jail name or ID. Can not be used together with `chroot` or `rootdir` options.
- `pkgsite` (String) For `pkgng` versions before 1.1.4, specify `packagesite` to use for downloading packages. If not specified, use settings from `/usr/local/etc/pkg.conf`. For newer `pkgng` versions, specify a the name of a repository configured in `/usr/local/etc/pkg/repos`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rootdir` (String) For `pkgng` versions 1.5 and later, pkg installs all packages within the specified root directory. Can not be used together with `chroot` or `jail` options.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the package.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_globs` (Boolean) Treat the package names as shell glob patterns.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
