---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_vm_storage_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_vm_storage_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the storage policy to create, update, or delete.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the storage policy to create or update. This parameter is ignored when `state=absent`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of storage policy. If set to `present`, the storage policy is created. If set to `absent`, the storage policy is deleted.
- `tag_affinity` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the storage policy enforces that virtual machines require the existence of a tag for datastore placement. If set to `false`, the storage policy enforces that virtual machines require the absence of a tag for datastore placement. This parameter is ignored when `state=absent`.
- `tag_category` (String) Name of the pre-existing tag category to assign to the storage policy. This parameter is ignored when `state=absent`. This parameter is required when `state=present`.
- `tag_name` (String) Name of the pre-existing tag to assign to the storage policy. This parameter is ignored when `state=absent`. This parameter is required when `state=present`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vmware_vm_storage_policy` (String) dictionary of information for the storage policy
