---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ocapi_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ocapi_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `baseuri` (String) Base URI of OOB controller.
- `category` (String) Category to execute on OOB controller.
- `command` (String) Command to execute on OOB controller.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `password` (String) Password for authenticating to OOB controller.
- `username` (String) Username for authenticating to OOB controller.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `job_name` (String) Name of job for fetching status.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `proxy_slot_number` (Number) For proxied inband requests, the slot number of the IOM. Only applies if `baseuri` is a proxy server.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `details` (String) Details of the relevant operation. Applies to `command=JobStatus`.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Message with action result or error description.
- `operationHealth` (String) Health of the operation. Applies to `command=JobStatus`. See OCAPI documentation for details.
- `operationHealthId` (String) Integer value for health of the operation (corresponds to R`operationHealth`). Applies to `command=JobStatus`. See OCAPI documentation for details.
- `operationStatus` (String) Status of the relevant operation. Applies to `command=JobStatus`. See OCAPI documentation for details.
- `operationStatusId` (Number) Integer value of status (corresponds to operationStatus). Applies to `command=JobStatus`. See OCAPI documentation for details.
- `percentComplete` (Number) Percent complete of the relevant operation. Applies to `command=JobStatus`.
- `status` (String) Dictionary containing status information. See OCAPI documentation for details.
