---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ipmi_power Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ipmi_power (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Hostname or IP address of the BMC.
- `password` (String) Password to connect to the BMC.
- `user` (String) Username to use to connect to the BMC.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key` (String) Encryption key to connect to the BMC in hex format.
- `machine` (String) Provide a list of the remote target address for the bridge IPMI request, and the power status. Either this option or `state` is required.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) Remote RMCP port.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether to ensure that the machine in desired state. The choices for state are: `on` -- Request system turn on. `off` -- Request system turn off without waiting for OS to shutdown. `shutdown` -- Have system request OS proper shutdown. `reset` -- Request system reset without waiting for OS. `boot` -- If system is off, then `on`, else `reset`. Either this option or `machine` is required.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `powerstate` (String) The current power state of the machine.
- `status` (String) The current power state of the machine when the machine option is set.
