---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_host_snmp Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_host_snmp (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of cluster. All host system from given cluster used to manage SNMP agent. Required parameter, if `esxi_hostname` is not set.
- `community` (String) List of SNMP community strings.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `esxi_hostname` (String) List of ESXi hostname to manage SNMP agent. Required parameter, if `cluster_name` is not set.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hw_source` (String) Source hardware events from IPMI sensors or CIM Indications. The embedded SNMP agent receives hardware events either from IPMI sensors `sensors` or CIM indications `indications`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `log_level` (String) Syslog logging level.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `send_trap` (Boolean) Send a test trap to validate the configuration.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snmp_port` (Number) Port used by the SNMP agent.
- `state` (String) Enable, disable, or reset the SNMP agent.
- `sys_contact` (String) System contact who manages the system.
- `sys_location` (String) System location.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `trap_filter` (String) A list of trap oids for traps not to be sent by agent, e.g. [ 1.3.6.1.4.1.6876.4.1.1.0, 1.3.6.1.4.1.6876.4.1.1.1 ] Use value `reset` to clear settings.
- `trap_targets` (String) A list of trap targets. You need to use `hostname`, `port`, and `community` for each trap target.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `results` (String) metadata about host system's SNMP configuration
