---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_zypper Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_zypper (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Package name `name` or package specifier or a list of either. Can include a version like `name=1.0`, `name>3.4` or `name<=2.7`. If a version is given, `oldpackage` is implied and zypper is allowed to update the package within the version range given. You can also pass a URL or a local path to a rpm file. When using `state=latest`, this can be `*`, which updates all installed packages.

### Optional

- `allow_vendor_change` (Boolean) Adds `--allow_vendor_change` option to *zypper* dist-upgrade command.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_import_keys` (Boolean) Whether to automatically import new repository signing keys. Adds `--gpg-auto-import-keys` option to *zypper*. Is only used when installing.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clean_deps` (Boolean) Adds `--clean-deps` option to *zypper* remove command.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disable_gpg_check` (Boolean) Whether to disable to GPG signature checking of the package signature being installed. Has an effect only if `state` is `present` or `latest`.
- `disable_recommends` (Boolean) Corresponds to the `--no-recommends` option for *zypper*. Default behavior (`true`) modifies zypper's default behavior; `false` does install recommended packages.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `extra_args` (String) Add additional options to `zypper` command. Options should be supplied in a single line as if given in the command line.
- `extra_args_precommand` (String) Add additional global target options to `zypper`. Options should be supplied in a single line as if given in the command line.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Adds `--force` option to *zypper*. Allows to downgrade packages and change vendor or architecture.
- `force_resolution` (Boolean) Adds `--force-resolution` option to *zypper*. Allows to (un)install packages with conflicting requirements (resolver chooses a solution).
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `oldpackage` (Boolean) Adds `--oldpackage` option to *zypper*. Allows to downgrade packages with less side-effects than force. This is implied as soon as a version is specified as part of the package name.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `quiet` (Boolean) Adds `--quiet` option to *zypper* install/update command.
- `replacefiles` (Boolean) Adds `--replacefiles` option to *zypper* install/update command.
- `simple_errors` (Boolean) When set to `true`, provide a simplified error output (parses only the `<message>` tag text in the XML output).
- `skip_post_errors` (Boolean) When set to `true`, ignore *zypper* return code 107 (post install script errors).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `present` makes sure the package is installed. `latest` makes sure the latest version of the package is installed. `absent` makes sure the specified package is not installed. `dist-upgrade` makes sure the latest version of all installed packages from all enabled repositories is installed. When using `dist-upgrade`, `name` should be `*`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The type of package to be operated on.
- `update_cache` (Boolean) Run the equivalent of `zypper refresh` before the operation. Disabled in check mode.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
