---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clone` (Number) ID of the container to be cloned. `description`, `hostname`, and `pool` will be copied from the cloned container if not specified. The type of clone created is defined by the `clone_type` parameter. This operator is only supported for Proxmox clusters that use LXC containerization (PVE version >= 4).
- `clone_type` (String) Type of the clone created. `full` creates a full clone, and `storage` must be specified. `linked` creates a linked clone, and the cloned container must be a template container. `opportunistic` creates a linked clone if the cloned container is a template container, and a full clone if not. `storage` may be specified, if not it will fall back to the default.
- `cores` (Number) Specify number of cores per socket.
- `cpus` (Number) Number of allocated cpus for instance.
- `cpuunits` (Number) CPU weight for a VM.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete` (String) A list of settings you want to delete.
- `description` (String) Specify the description for the container. Only used on the configuration web interface. This is saved as a comment inside the configuration file.
- `disk` (String) This option was previously described as "hard disk size in GiB for instance" however several formats describing a lxc mount are permitted. Older versions of Proxmox will accept a numeric value for size using the `storage` parameter to automatically choose which storage to allocate from, however new versions enforce the `<STORAGE>:<SIZE>` syntax. Additional options are available by using some combination of the following key-value pairs as a comma-delimited list `[volume=]<volume> [,acl=<1|0>] [,mountoptions=<opt[;opt...] [,quota=<1|0>] [,replicate=<1|0>] [,ro=<1|0>] [,shared=<1|0>] [,size=<DiskSize>]`. See https://pve.proxmox.com/wiki/Linux_Container for a full description. This option is mutually exclusive with `disk_volume`.
- `disk_volume` (String) Specify a hash/dictionary of the `rootfs` disk. See https://pve.proxmox.com/wiki/Linux_Container#pct_mount_points for a full description. This option is mutually exclusive with `storage` and `disk`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `features` (String) Specifies a list of features to be enabled. For valid options, see https://pve.proxmox.com/wiki/Linux_Container#pct_options. Some features require the use of a privileged container.
- `force` (Boolean) Forcing operations. Can be used only with states `absent`, `present`, `stopped`, and `restarted`. With `state=present` force option allow to overwrite existing container. With `state=absent` force option will force stop the container before deletion. With states `stopped`, `restarted` allow to force stop instance. When specifying `force`, `update` must not be specified.
- `hookscript` (String) Script that will be executed during various steps in the containers lifetime.
- `hostname` (String) The instance hostname. Required only for `state=present`. Must be unique if vmid is not passed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_address` (String) Specifies the address the container will be assigned.
- `memory` (Number) Memory size in MB for instance.
- `mount_volumes` (String) Specify additional mounts (separate disks) for the container. As a hash/dictionary defining mount points. See https://pve.proxmox.com/wiki/Linux_Container#pct_mount_points for a full description. This Option is mutually exclusive with `mounts`.
- `mounts` (String) Specifies additional mounts (separate disks) for the container. As a hash/dictionary defining mount points as strings. This Option is mutually exclusive with `mount_volumes`.
- `nameserver` (String) Sets DNS server IP address for a container.
- `netif` (String) Specifies network interfaces for the container. As a hash/dictionary defining interfaces.
- `onboot` (Boolean) Specifies whether a VM will be started during system bootup.
- `ostemplate` (String) The template for VM creating. Required only for `state=present`.
- `ostype` (String) Specifies the `ostype` of the LXC container. If set to `auto`, no `ostype` will be provided on instance creation.
- `password` (String) The instance root password.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pubkey` (String) Public key to add to /root/.ssh/authorized_keys. This was added on Proxmox 4.2, it is ignored for earlier versions.
- `purge` (Boolean) Remove container from all related configurations. For example backup jobs, replication jobs, or HA. Related ACLs and Firewall entries will always be removed. Used with `state=absent`.
- `searchdomain` (String) Sets DNS search domain for a container.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `startup` (String) Specifies the startup order of the container. Use `order=#` where `#` is a non-negative number to define the general startup order. Shutdown in done with reverse ordering. Use `up=#` where `#` is in seconds, to specify a delay to wait before the next VM is started. Use `down=#` where `#` is in seconds, to specify a delay to wait before the next VM is stopped.
- `state` (String) Indicate desired state of the instance.
- `storage` (String) Target storage. This option is mutually exclusive with `disk_volume` and `mount_volumes`.
- `swap` (Number) Swap memory size in MB for instance.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timezone` (String) Timezone used by the container, accepts values like `Europe/Paris`. The special value `host` configures the same timezone used by Proxmox host.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unprivileged` (Boolean) Indicate if the container should be unprivileged.
- `update` (Boolean) If `true`, the container will be updated with new values. This only happens if `state=present`, `force=false`, and `clone` is not specified. If `false`, it will not be updated. The default changed from `false` to `true` in community.proxmox 1.0.0.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
