---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_settings Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_settings (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `alert_usrgrp` (String) A name of user group which user belongs to receive an alerm message when database down.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auditlog_enabled` (Boolean) Enable audit logging if `true`.
- `auditlog_mode` (Boolean) Enable logging of system actions (changes by low-level discovery, network discovery and autoregistration) if `true`. This parameter is available since Zabbix 7.0
- `blink_period` (String) A time of period for blinking status changed triggers. Accepts seconds and time unit with suffix (e.g. 5m).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connect_timeout` (String) A time of connection timeout with Zabbix server.
- `custom_color` (Boolean) Custom event color settings will be activated if `true`.
- `default_inventory_mode` (String) A default value for host inventory mode.
- `default_lang` (String) Default language for users.
- `default_theme` (String) Default theme for users.
- `default_timezone` (String) Default time zone for users. Please set `system` if you want to use system time zone.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `discovery_group` (String) A hostgroup which discovered hosts will belong to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `frontend_url` (String) A URL of frontend. This parameter is used for url parameter of settings API.
- `geomaps_attribution` (String) A text of Geomap attribution.
- `geomaps_max_zoom` (String) Max zoom level of geomap.
- `geomaps_tile_provider` (String) A provider of Geomap tile. Please set `another` if you want use non default provider
- `geomaps_tile_url` (String) A URL of geomap tile.
- `history_period` (String) Max period of displaying history data. Accepts seconds and time unit with suffix (e.g. 24h).
- `iframe_sandboxing_enabled` (Boolean) The Zabbix uses iframe sandboxing if `true`.
- `iframe_sandboxing_exceptions` (String) A text of iframe sandboxing exceptions.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `item_test_timeout` (String) A time of network timeout for item tests.
- `login_attempts` (Number) A number of login attempts you can try with non blocked.
- `login_block` (String) A time of interval to reset login attempts when the user is blocked. Accepts seconds and time unit with suffix (e.g. 5m).
- `max_in_table` (Number) Max count of elements to show inside table cell
- `max_overview_table_size` (Number) Max number of columns and rows in overview tables
- `max_period` (String) Max period for time filter. Accepts seconds and time unit with suffix (e.g. 1y).
- `media_type_test_timeout` (String) A time of network timeout for media type test.
- `ok_ack_color` (String) A custom color for acknowledged RESOLVED events. This setting will be activated if *custom_color=true*. Please set hexadecimal color code (e.g. 00FF00).
- `ok_ack_style` (Boolean) Acknowledged RESOLVED events blink if `true`.
- `ok_period` (String) A time of period for displaying OK triggers. Accepts seconds and time unit with suffix (e.g. 5m).
- `ok_unack_color` (String) A custom color for unacknowledged RESOLVED events. This setting will be activated if *custom_color=true*. Please set hexadecimal color code (e.g. 00FF00).
- `ok_unack_style` (Boolean) Unacknowledged RESOLVED events blink if `true`.
- `period_default` (String) Default period value for time filter. Accepts seconds and time unit with suffix (e.g. 1h).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `problem_ack_color` (String) A custom color for acknowledged PROBLEM events. This setting will be activated if *custom_color=true*. Please set hexadecimal color code (e.g. 00FF00).
- `problem_ack_style` (Boolean) Acknowledged PROBLEM events blink if `true`.
- `problem_unack_color` (String) A custom color for unacknowledged PROBLEM events. This setting will be activated if *custom_color=true*. Please set hexadecimal color code (e.g. 00FF00).
- `problem_unack_style` (Boolean) Unacknowledged PROBLEM events blink if `true`.
- `report_test_timeout` (String) A time of network timeout for scheduled report test.
- `script_timeout` (String) A time of network timeout for script execution.
- `search_limit` (Number) A number of search and filter results limit.
- `server_check_interval` (Boolean) The Zabbix shows "Zabbix server is down" warning if `true`.
- `severity_color_0` (String) A custom color for not classified severity. Please set hexadecimal color code (e.g. 00FF00).
- `severity_color_1` (String) A custom color for information severity. Please set hexadecimal color code (e.g. 00FF00).
- `severity_color_2` (String) A custom color for warning severity. Please set hexadecimal color code (e.g. 00FF00).
- `severity_color_3` (String) A custom color for average severity. Please set hexadecimal color code (e.g. 00FF00).
- `severity_color_4` (String) A custom color for high severity. Please set hexadecimal color code (e.g. 00FF00).
- `severity_color_5` (String) A custom color for disaster severity. Please set hexadecimal color code (e.g. 00FF00).
- `severity_name_0` (String) A custom name for not classified severity.
- `severity_name_1` (String) A custom name for information severity.
- `severity_name_2` (String) A custom name for warning severity.
- `severity_name_3` (String) A custom name for average severity.
- `severity_name_4` (String) A custom name for high severity.
- `severity_name_5` (String) A custom name for disaster severity.
- `show_technical_errors` (Boolean) The Zabbix shows PHP and SQL technical errors to users who are non-Super admin or belong to user groups with debug mode not enabled if `true`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snmptrap_logging` (Boolean) Logging unmatched SNMP traps will be ebabled if `true`.
- `socket_timeout` (String) A time of network default timeout.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timeout_browser` (String) A time of browser timeout. This parameter is available since Zabbix 7.0
- `timeout_db_monitor` (String) A time of db monitor timeout. This parameter is available since Zabbix 7.0
- `timeout_external_check` (String) A time of external check timeout. This parameter is available since Zabbix 7.0
- `timeout_http_agent` (String) A time of HTTP agent timeout. This parameter is available since Zabbix 7.0
- `timeout_script` (String) A time of script timeout. This parameter is available since Zabbix 7.0
- `timeout_simple_check` (String) A time of simple check timeout. This parameter is available since Zabbix 7.0
- `timeout_snmp_agent` (String) A time of SNMP agent timeout. This parameter is available since Zabbix 7.0
- `timeout_ssh_agent` (String) A time of SSH agent timeout. This parameter is available since Zabbix 7.0
- `timeout_telnet_agent` (String) A time of telnet agent timeout. This parameter is available since Zabbix 7.0
- `timeout_zabbix_agent` (String) A time of zabbix agent timeout. This parameter is available since Zabbix 7.0
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uri_valid_schemes` (String) A list of valid URI scheme.
- `validate_uri_schemes` (Boolean) Validate URI schemes if `true`.
- `vault_provider` (String) A name of vault provider. This parameter is available since Zabbix 6.2.
- `work_period` (String) Working time setting. https://www.zabbix.com/documentation/current/en/manual/appendix/time_period
- `x_frame_options` (String) A text of X-Frame-Options of HTTP header.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) The result of the operation
