---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_gem Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_gem (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the gem to be managed.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bindir` (String) Install executables into a specific directory.
- `build_flags` (String) Allow adding build flags for gem compilation.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `env_shebang` (Boolean) Rewrite the shebang line on installed scripts to use /usr/bin/env.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) Override the path to the gem executable.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Force gem to (un-)install, bypassing dependency checks.
- `gem_source` (String) The path to a local gem used as installation source.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `include_dependencies` (Boolean) Whether to include dependencies or not.
- `include_doc` (Boolean) Install with or without docs.
- `install_dir` (String) Install the gems into a specific directory. These gems are independent from the global installed ones. Specifying this requires user_install to be false.
- `norc` (Boolean) Avoid loading any `.gemrc` file. Ignored for RubyGems prior to 2.5.2. The default changed from `false` to `true` in community.general 6.0.0.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pre_release` (Boolean) Allow installation of pre-release versions of the gem.
- `repository` (String) The repository from which the gem is installed.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The desired state of the gem. `latest` ensures that the latest version is installed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_install` (Boolean) Install gem in user's local gems cache or for all users.
- `version` (String) Version of the gem to be installed/removed.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
