---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_elb_target_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_elb_target_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the target group.
- `state` (String) Create or destroy the target group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deregistration_connection_termination` (Boolean) Indicates whether the load balancer terminates connections at the end of the deregistration timeout. Using this option is only supported when attaching to a Network Load Balancer (NLB).
- `deregistration_delay_timeout` (Number) The amount time for Elastic Load Balancing to wait before changing the state of a deregistering target from draining to unused. The range is 0-3600 seconds.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `health_check_interval` (Number) The approximate amount of time, in seconds, between health checks of an individual target.
- `health_check_path` (String) The ping path that is the destination on the targets for health checks. The path must be defined in order to set a health check. Requires the *health_check_protocol* parameter to be set.
- `health_check_port` (String) The port the load balancer uses when performing health checks on targets. Can be set to 'traffic-port' to match target port. When not defined will default to the port on which each target receives traffic from the load balancer.
- `health_check_protocol` (String) The protocol the load balancer uses when performing health checks on targets.
- `health_check_timeout` (Number) The amount of time, in seconds, during which no response from a target means a failed health check.
- `healthy_threshold_count` (Number) The number of consecutive health checks successes required before considering an unhealthy target healthy.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `load_balancing_algorithm_type` (String) The type of load balancing algorithm to use. Changing the load balancing algorithm is only supported when used with Application Load Balancers (ALB). If not set AWS will default to `round_robin`.
- `modify_targets` (Boolean) Whether or not to alter existing targets in the group to match what is passed with the module
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) The port on which the targets receive traffic. This port is used unless you specify a port override when registering the target. Required when *state* is `present` and *target_type* is `instance`, `ip`, or `alb`.
- `preserve_client_ip_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether client IP preservation is enabled. The default is disabled if the target group type is `ip` address and the target group protocol is `tcp` or `tls`. Otherwise, the default is enabled. Client IP preservation cannot be disabled for `udp` and `tcp_udp` target groups. *preserve_client_ip_enabled* is supported only by Network Load Balancers.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol to use for routing traffic to the targets. Required when *state* is `present` and *target_type* is `instance`, `ip`, or `alb`.
- `protocol_version` (String) Specifies protocol version. The protocol_version parameter is immutable and cannot be changed when updating an elb_target_group.
- `proxy_protocol_v2_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether Proxy Protocol version 2 is enabled. The value is `true` or `false`. *proxy_protocol_v2_enabled* is supported only by Network Load Balancers.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `stickiness_app_cookie_duration` (Number) The time period, in seconds, during which requests from a client should be routed to the same target. After this time period expires, the application-generated cookie is considered stale. The range is 1 second to 1 week (604800 seconds).
- `stickiness_app_cookie_name` (String) The name of the application cookie. Required if *stickiness_type=app_cookie*.
- `stickiness_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether sticky sessions are enabled.
- `stickiness_lb_cookie_duration` (Number) The time period, in seconds, during which requests from a client should be routed to the same target. After this time period expires, the load balancer-generated cookie is considered stale. The range is 1 second to 1 week (604800 seconds).
- `stickiness_type` (String) The type of sticky sessions. Valid values are `lb_cookie`, `app_cookie` or `source_ip`. If not set AWS will default to `lb_cookie` for Application Load Balancers or `source_ip` for Network Load Balancers.
- `successful_response_codes` (String) The HTTP codes to use when checking for a successful response from a target. Accepts multiple values (for example, "200,202") or a range of values (for example, "200-299"). Requires the *health_check_protocol* parameter to be set.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_type` (String) The type of target that you must specify when registering targets with this target group. The possible values are `instance` (targets are specified by instance ID), `ip` (targets are specified by IP address), `lambda` (target is specified by ARN), or `alb` (target is specified by ARN). Note that you can't specify targets for a target group using more than one type. Target types lambda and alb only accept one target. When more than one target is specified, only the first one is used. All additional targets are ignored. If the target type is ip, specify IP addresses from the subnets of the virtual private cloud (VPC) for the target group, the RFC 1918 range (10.0.0.0/8, 172.16.0.0/12, and 192.168.0.0/16), and the RFC 6598 range (100.64.0.0/10). You can't specify publicly routable IP addresses. The default behavior is `instance`.
- `targets` (String) A list of targets to assign to the target group. This parameter defaults to an empty list. Unless you set the 'modify_targets' parameter then all existing targets will be removed from the group. The list should be an Id and a Port parameter. See the Examples for detail.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unhealthy_threshold_count` (Number) The number of consecutive health check failures required before considering a target unhealthy.
- `vpc_id` (String) The identifier of the virtual private cloud (VPC). Required when *state* is `present` and *target_type* is `instance`, `ip`, or `alb`.
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether or not to wait for the target group.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) The time to wait for the target group.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `deregistration_delay_timeout_seconds` (Number) The amount time for Elastic Load Balancing to wait before changing the state of a deregistering target from draining to unused.
- `health_check_interval_seconds` (Number) The approximate amount of time, in seconds, between health checks of an individual target.
- `health_check_timeout_seconds` (Number) The amount of time, in seconds, during which no response means a failed health check.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `load_balancer_arns` (String) The Amazon Resource Names (ARN) of the load balancers that route traffic to this target group.
- `matcher` (String) The HTTP codes to use when checking for a successful response from a target.
- `stickiness_lb_cookie_duration_seconds` (Number) The time period, in seconds, during which requests from a client should be routed to the same target.
- `target_group_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the target group.
- `target_group_name` (String) The name of the target group.
