---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_django_dumpdata Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_django_dumpdata (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `fixture` (String) Path to the output file. The fixture filename may end with `.bz2`, `.gz`, `.lzma` or `.xz`, in which case the corresponding compression format is used. This corresponds to the `--output` parameter for the `django-admin dumpdata` command.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `all` (Boolean) Dump all records, including those which might otherwise be filtered or modified by a custom manager.
- `apps_models` (String) Dump only the applications and models listed in the dump. Format must be either `app_label` or `app_label.ModelName`. If not passed, all applications and models are to be dumped.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `indent` (Number) Indentation size for the output. Default is not to indent, so the output is generated in one single line.
- `natural_foreign` (Boolean) Use natural keys when serializing for foreign keys.
- `natural_primary` (Boolean) Omit primary keys when serializing.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `primary_keys` (String) List of primary keys to include in the dump. Only available when dumping one single model.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `run_info` (String) Command-line execution information.
- `version` (String) Version of Django.
