---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_dynamodb_table Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_dynamodb_table (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the table.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `billing_mode` (String) Controls whether provisoned pr on-demand tables are created.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hash_key_name` (String) Name of the hash key. Required when *state=present* and table doesn't exist.
- `hash_key_type` (String) Type of the hash key. Defaults to `'STRING'` when creating a new table.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `indexes` (String) list of dictionaries describing indexes to add to the table. global indexes can be updated. local indexes don't support updates or have throughput. required options: ['name', 'type', 'hash_key_name'] other options: ['hash_key_type', 'range_key_name', 'range_key_type', 'includes', 'read_capacity', 'write_capacity']
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `range_key_name` (String) Name of the range key.
- `range_key_type` (String) Type of the range key. Defaults to `'STRING'` when creating a new range key.
- `read_capacity` (Number) Read throughput capacity (units) to provision. Defaults to `1` when creating a new table.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or delete the table.
- `table_class` (String) The class of the table.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) When *wait=True* the module will wait for up to *wait_timeout* seconds for index updates, table creation or deletion to complete before returning.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long (in seconds) to wait for creation / update / deletion to complete. AWS only allows secondary indexies to be updated one at a time, this module will automatically update them in serial, and the timeout will be separately applied for each index.
- `write_capacity` (Number) Write throughput capacity (units) to provision. Defaults to `1` when creating a new table.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `table` (String) The returned table params from the describe API call.
- `table_status` (String) The current status of the table.
