---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_api_gateway_domain Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_api_gateway_domain (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `certificate_arn` (String) AWS Certificate Manger (ACM) TLS certificate ARN.
- `domain_mappings` (String) Map your domain base paths to your API GW REST APIs, that you previously created. Use provided ID of the API setup and the release stage. domain_mappings should be a list of dictionaries containing three keys: base_path, rest_api_id and stage. Example: *[{ base_path: v1, rest_api_id: abc123, stage: production }]* if you want base path to be just */* omit the param completely or set it to empty string.
- `domain_name` (String) Domain name you want to use for your API GW deployment.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `endpoint_type` (String) API endpoint configuration for domain. Use EDGE for edge-optimized endpoint, or use `REGIONAL` or `PRIVATE`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `security_policy` (String) Set allowed TLS versions through AWS defined policies. Currently only `TLS_1_0` and `TLS_1_2` are available.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or delete custom domain setup.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `response` (String) The data returned by create_domain_name (or update and delete) and create_base_path_mapping methods by boto3.
