---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_datastore_maintenancemode Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_datastore_maintenancemode (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the cluster where datastore is connected to. If multiple datastores are connected to the given cluster, then all datastores will be managed by `state`. If `datastore` or `datastore_cluster` are not set, this parameter is required.
- `datastore` (String) Name of datastore to manage. If `datastore_cluster` or `cluster_name` are not set, this parameter is required.
- `datastore_cluster` (String) Name of the datastore cluster from all child datastores to be managed. If `datastore` or `cluster_name` are not set, this parameter is required.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If set to `present`, then enter datastore into maintenance mode. If set to `present` and datastore is already in maintenance mode, then no action will be taken. If set to `absent` and datastore is in maintenance mode, then exit maintenance mode. If set to `absent` and datastore is not in maintenance mode, then no action will be taken.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `datastore_status` (String) Action taken for datastore
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
