---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_gconftool2 Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_gconftool2 (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `key` (String) A GConf preference key is an element in the GConf repository that corresponds to an application preference.
- `state` (String) The action to take upon the key/value.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config_source` (String) Specify a configuration source to use rather than the default path.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `direct` (Boolean) Access the config database directly, bypassing server. If `direct` is specified then the `config_source` must be specified as well.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `value` (String) Preference keys typically have simple values such as strings, integers, or lists of strings and integers. This is ignored unless `state=present`.
- `value_type` (String) The type of value being set. This is ignored unless `state=present`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `previous_value` (String) The value of the preference key before executing the module. From community.general 7.0.0 onwards it returns `null` for a non-existent `key`, and returned `""` before that.
- `version` (String) Version of gconftool-2.
