---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_vmadm Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_vmadm (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `archive_on_delete` (Boolean) When enabled, the zone dataset is mounted on `/zones/archive` upon removal.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `autoboot` (Boolean) Whether or not a VM is booted when the system is rebooted.
- `boot` (String) Set the boot order for KVM VMs.
- `brand` (String) Type of virtual machine. The `bhyve` option was added in community.general 0.2.0.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cpu_cap` (Number) Sets a limit on the amount of CPU time that can be used by a VM. Use `0` for no cap.
- `cpu_shares` (Number) Sets a limit on the number of fair share scheduler (FSS) CPU shares for a VM. This limit is relative to all other VMs on the system.
- `cpu_type` (String) Control the type of virtual CPU exposed to KVM VMs.
- `customer_metadata` (String) Metadata to be set and associated with this VM, this contain customer modifiable keys.
- `delegate_dataset` (Boolean) Whether to delegate a ZFS dataset to an OS VM.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disk_driver` (String) Default value for a virtual disk model for KVM guests.
- `disks` (String) A list of disks to add, valid properties are documented in vmadm(1M).
- `dns_domain` (String) Domain value for `/etc/hosts`.
- `docker` (Boolean) Docker images need this flag enabled along with the `brand` set to `lx`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filesystems` (String) Mount additional filesystems into an OS VM.
- `firewall_enabled` (Boolean) Enables the firewall, allowing fwadm(1M) rules to be applied.
- `flexible_disk_size` (Number) This sets an upper bound for the amount of space that a bhyve instance may use for its disks and snapshots of those disks (in MiBs).
- `force` (Boolean) Force a particular action (in other words, stop or delete a VM).
- `fs_allowed` (String) Comma separated list of filesystem types this zone is allowed to mount.
- `hostname` (String) Zone/VM hostname.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `image_uuid` (String) Image UUID.
- `indestructible_delegated` (Boolean) Adds an `@indestructible` snapshot to delegated datasets.
- `indestructible_zoneroot` (Boolean) Adds an `@indestructible` snapshot to zoneroot.
- `internal_metadata` (String) Metadata to be set and associated with this VM, this contains operator generated keys.
- `internal_metadata_namespace` (String) List of namespaces to be set as `internal_metadata-only`; these namespaces come from `internal_metadata` rather than `customer_metadata`.
- `kernel_version` (String) Kernel version to emulate for LX VMs.
- `limit_priv` (String) Set (comma separated) list of privileges the zone is allowed to use.
- `maintain_resolvers` (Boolean) Resolvers in `/etc/resolv.conf` are updated when updating the `resolvers` property.
- `max_locked_memory` (Number) Total amount of memory (in MiBs) on the host that can be locked by this VM.
- `max_lwps` (Number) Maximum number of lightweight processes this VM is allowed to have running.
- `max_physical_memory` (Number) Maximum amount of memory (in MiBs) on the host that the VM is allowed to use.
- `max_swap` (Number) Maximum amount of virtual memory (in MiBs) the VM is allowed to use.
- `mdata_exec_timeout` (Number) Timeout in seconds (or 0 to disable) for the `svc:/smartdc/mdata:execute` service that runs user-scripts in the zone.
- `name` (String) Name of the VM. vmadm(1M) uses this as an optional name.
- `nic_driver` (String) Default value for a virtual NIC model for KVM guests.
- `nics` (String) A list of nics to add, valid properties are documented in vmadm(1M).
- `nowait` (Boolean) Consider the provisioning complete when the VM first starts, rather than when the VM has rebooted.
- `owner_uuid` (String) Define the UUID of the owner of the VM.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `qemu_extra_opts` (String) Additional qemu cmdline arguments for KVM guests.
- `qemu_opts` (String) Additional qemu arguments for KVM guests. This overwrites the default arguments provided by vmadm(1M) and should only be used for debugging.
- `quota` (Number) Quota on zone filesystems (in MiBs).
- `ram` (Number) Amount of virtual RAM for a KVM guest (in MiBs).
- `resolvers` (String) List of resolvers to be put into `/etc/resolv.conf`.
- `routes` (String) Dictionary that maps destinations to gateways, these are set as static routes in the VM.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `spice_opts` (String) Addition options for SPICE-enabled KVM VMs.
- `spice_password` (String) Password required to connect to SPICE. By default no password is set. Please note this can be read from the Global Zone.
- `state` (String) States for the VM to be in. Please note that `present`, `stopped` and `restarted` operate on a VM that is currently provisioned. `present` means that the VM is created if it was absent, and that it is in a running state. `absent` shutdowns the zone before removing it. `stopped` means the zone is created if it does not exist already, before shutting it down.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tmpfs` (Number) Amount of memory (in MiBs) that is available in the VM for the `/tmp` filesystem.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the VM. Can either be a full UUID or `*` for all VMs.
- `vcpus` (Number) Number of virtual CPUs for a KVM guest.
- `vga` (String) Specify VGA emulation used by KVM VMs.
- `virtio_txburst` (Number) Number of packets that can be sent in a single flush of the tx queue of virtio NICs.
- `virtio_txtimer` (Number) Timeout (in nanoseconds) for the TX timer of virtio NICs.
- `vnc_password` (String) Password required to connect to VNC. By default no password is set. Please note this can be read from the Global Zone.
- `vnc_port` (Number) TCP port to listen of the VNC server. Or set `0` for random, or `-1` to disable.
- `zfs_data_compression` (String) Specifies compression algorithm used for this VMs data dataset. This option only has effect on delegated datasets.
- `zfs_data_recsize` (Number) Suggested block size (power of 2) for files in the delegated dataset's filesystem.
- `zfs_filesystem_limit` (Number) Maximum number of filesystems the VM can have.
- `zfs_io_priority` (Number) IO throttle priority value relative to other VMs.
- `zfs_root_compression` (String) Specifies compression algorithm used for this VMs root dataset. This option only has effect on the zoneroot dataset.
- `zfs_root_recsize` (Number) Suggested block size (power of 2) for files in the zoneroot dataset's filesystem.
- `zfs_snapshot_limit` (Number) Number of snapshots the VM can have.
- `zpool` (String) ZFS pool the VM's zone dataset is created in.

### Read-Only

- `alias` (String) Alias of the managed VM.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
