---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_mattermost Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_mattermost (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_key` (String) Mattermost webhook API key. Log into your Mattermost site, go to Menu -> Integration -> Incoming Webhook -> Add Incoming Webhook. This gives you a full URL. `api_key` is the last part. http://mattermost.example.com/hooks/API_KEY.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `url` (String) Mattermost URL (for example `http://mattermost.yourcompany.com`).

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attachments` (String) Define a list of attachments. For more information, see https://developers.mattermost.com/integrate/admin-guide/admin-message-attachments/. Required when `text` is not set.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `channel` (String) Channel to send the message to. If absent, the message goes to the channel selected for the `api_key`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `icon_url` (String) URL for the message sender's icon.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `priority` (String) Set a priority for the message.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `text` (String) Text to send. Note that the module does not handle escaping characters. Required when `attachments` is not set.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) This is the sender of the message (Username Override need to be enabled by mattermost admin, see mattermost doc).
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If `false`, SSL certificates are not validated. This should only be used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `payload` (String) Mattermost payload.
- `webhook_url` (String) URL the webhook is sent to.
