---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_redhat_subscription Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_redhat_subscription (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `activationkey` (String) Supply an activation key for use with registration.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_attach` (Boolean) Upon successful registration, auto-consume available subscriptions. Please note that the alias `ignore:autosubscribe` was removed in community.general 9.0.0.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `consumer_id` (String) References an existing consumer ID to resume using a previous registration for this system. If the system's identity certificate is lost or corrupted, this option allows it to resume using its previous identity and subscriptions. The default is to not specify a consumer ID so a new ID is created.
- `consumer_name` (String) Name of the system to register, defaults to the hostname.
- `consumer_type` (String) The type of unit to register, defaults to system.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_register` (Boolean) Register the system even if it is already registered.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `org_id` (String) Organization ID to use in conjunction with activationkey.
- `password` (String) Access.redhat.com or Red Hat Satellite or Katello password.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pool_ids` (String) Specify subscription pool IDs to consume. A pool ID may be specified as a `string` - just the pool ID (for example `0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef`), or as a `dict` with the pool ID as the key, and a quantity as the value (for example `0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef: 2`. If the quantity is provided, it is used to consume multiple entitlements from a pool (the pool must support this).
- `release` (String) Set a release version.
- `rhsm_baseurl` (String) Specify CDN baseurl.
- `rhsm_repo_ca_cert` (String) Specify an alternative location for a CA certificate for CDN.
- `server_hostname` (String) Specify an alternative Red Hat Subscription Management or Red Hat Satellite or Katello server.
- `server_insecure` (String) Enable or disable https server certificate verification when connecting to `server_hostname`.
- `server_port` (String) Specify the port when registering to the Red Hat Subscription Management or Red Hat Satellite or Katello server.
- `server_prefix` (String) Specify the prefix when registering to the Red Hat Subscription Management or Red Hat Satellite or Katello server.
- `server_proxy_hostname` (String) Specify an HTTP proxy hostname.
- `server_proxy_password` (String) Specify a password for HTTP proxy with basic authentication.
- `server_proxy_port` (String) Specify an HTTP proxy port.
- `server_proxy_scheme` (String) Specify an HTTP proxy scheme, for example `http` or `https`.
- `server_proxy_user` (String) Specify a user for HTTP proxy with basic authentication.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether to register and subscribe (`present`), or unregister (`absent`) a system.
- `syspurpose` (String) Set syspurpose attributes in file `/etc/rhsm/syspurpose/syspurpose.json` and synchronize these attributes with RHSM server. Syspurpose attributes help attach the most appropriate subscriptions to the system automatically. When `syspurpose.json` file already contains some attributes, then new attributes overwrite existing attributes. When some attribute is not listed in the new list of attributes, the existing attribute is removed from `syspurpose.json` file. Unknown attributes are ignored.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) Sso.redhat.com API access token.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Access.redhat.com or Red Hat Satellite or Katello username.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `subscribed_pool_ids` (String) List of pool IDs to which system is now subscribed.
