---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_eks_nodegroup Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_eks_nodegroup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_name` (String) Name of EKS Cluster.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of EKS Nodegroup.

### Optional

- `ami_type` (String) The AMI type for your node group.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `capacity_type` (String) The capacity type for your node group.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disk_size` (Number) Size of disk in nodegroup nodes. If you specify *launch_template*, then don't specify *disk_size*, or the node group deployment will fail.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `instance_types` (String) Specify the instance types for a node group. If you specify *launch_template*, then don't specify *instance_types*, or the node group deployment will fail.
- `labels` (String) The Kubernetes labels to be applied to the nodes in the node group when they are created.
- `launch_template` (String) An object representing a node group's launch template specification. If specified, then do not specify *instanceTypes*, *diskSize*, or *remoteAccess*.
- `node_role` (String) ARN of IAM role used by the EKS cluster Nodegroup.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_tags` (Boolean) Purge existing tags that are not found in the nodegroup.
- `release_version` (String) The AMI version of the Amazon EKS optimized AMI to use with your node group.
- `remote_access` (String) The remote access (SSH) configuration to use with your node group. If you specify *launch_template*, then don't specify *remote_access*, or the node group deployment will fail.
- `scaling_config` (String) The scaling configuration details for the Auto Scaling group that is created for your node group.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or delete the Nodegroup.
- `subnets` (String) list of subnet IDs for the Kubernetes cluster.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `taints` (String) The Kubernetes taints to be applied to the nodes in the node group.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_config` (String) The node group update configuration.
- `wait` (Boolean) Specifies whether the module waits until the profile is created or deleted before moving on.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) The duration in seconds to wait for the nodegroup to become active. Defaults to `1200` seconds.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `created_at` (String) Nodegroup creation date and time.
- `diskSize` (Number) This is the disk size in the node group configuration.
- `health` (String) The health status of the node group.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `modified_at` (String) Nodegroup modified date and time.
- `nodegroup_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) associated with the managed node group.
- `nodegroup_name` (String) The name associated with an Amazon EKS managed node group.
- `resources` (String) The resources associated with the node group.
- `status` (String) status of the EKS Nodegroup.
- `version` (String) The Kubernetes version of the managed node group.
