---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_deploy_helper Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_deploy_helper (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) The root path of the project. Returned in the `deploy_helper.project_path` fact.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clean` (Boolean) Whether to run the clean procedure in case of `state=finalize`.
- `current_path` (String) The name of the symlink that is created when the deploy is finalized. Used in `state=finalize` and `state=clean`. Returned in the `deploy_helper.current_path` fact.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `keep_releases` (Number) The number of old releases to keep when cleaning. Used in `state=finalize` and `state=clean`. Any unfinished builds are deleted first, so only correct releases count. The current version does not count.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `release` (String) The release version that is being deployed. Defaults to a timestamp format `%Y%m%d%H%M%S` (for example `20141119223359`). This parameter is optional during `state=present`, but needs to be set explicitly for `state=finalize`. You can use the generated fact `release={{ deploy_helper.new_release }}`.
- `releases_path` (String) The name of the folder that holds the releases. This can be relative to `path` or absolute. Returned in the `deploy_helper.releases_path` fact.
- `shared_path` (String) The name of the folder that holds the shared resources. This can be relative to `path` or absolute. If this is set to an empty string, no shared folder is created. Returned in the `deploy_helper.shared_path` fact.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of the project. `query` gathers facts. `present` creates the project `root` folder, and in it the `releases` and `shared` folders. `finalize` removes the unfinished_filename file, creates a symlink to the newly deployed release and optionally cleans old releases. `clean` removes failed & old releases. `absent` removes the project folder (synonymous to the `ansible.builtin.file` module with `state=absent`).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unfinished_filename` (String) The name of the file that indicates a deploy has not finished. All folders in the `releases_path` that contain this file are deleted on `state=finalize` with `clean=true`, or `state=clean`. This file is automatically deleted from the `new_release_path` during `state=finalize`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
