---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_haproxy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_haproxy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) Name of the backend host to change.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) Desired state of the provided backend host. Note that `drain` state is supported only by HAProxy version 1.5 or later. When used on versions < 1.5, it is ignored.

### Optional

- `agent` (Boolean) Disable/enable agent checks (depending on `state` value).
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backend` (String) Name of the HAProxy backend pool. If this parameter is unset, it is auto-detected.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `drain` (Boolean) Wait until the server has no active connections or until the timeout determined by `wait_interval` and `wait_retries` is reached. Continue only after the status changes to `MAINT`. This overrides the shutdown_sessions option.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `fail_on_not_found` (Boolean) Fail whenever trying to enable/disable a backend host that does not exist.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `health` (Boolean) Disable/enable health checks (depending on `state` value).
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `shutdown_sessions` (Boolean) When disabling a server, immediately terminate all the sessions attached to the specified server. This can be used to terminate long-running sessions after a server is put into maintenance mode. Overridden by the drain option.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `socket` (String) Path to the HAProxy socket file.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait until the server reports a status of `UP` when `state=enabled`, status of `MAINT` when `state=disabled` or status of `DRAIN` when `state=drain`.
- `wait_interval` (Number) Number of seconds to wait between retries.
- `wait_retries` (Number) Number of times to check for status after changing the state.
- `weight` (String) The value passed in argument. If the value ends with the `%` sign, then the new weight is relative to the initially configured weight. Relative weights are only permitted between 0 and 100% and absolute weights are permitted between 0 and 256.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
