---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_connector Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_connector (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the connector.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attempt_interval` (Number) Parameter introduced in Zabbix 7.0 Interval between attempts in seconds (value between 0 and 10).
- `auth_type` (String) HTTP authentication method used by the connector.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `data_type` (String) Type of data being streamed.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the connector.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the connector is enabled. (mapped to the *status* property of the connector object in the Zabbix API)
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `http_proxy` (String) HTT`S` proxy used by the connector.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `item_value_types` (String) Parameter introduced in Zabbix 7.0 List of value types to stream. Each element should be one of `all`, `all+bin`, `numeric_float`, `character`, `log`, `numeric_unsigned`, `text` or `binary`. `all` represents all types except binary *(default*). `all+bin` represents all types, binary included.
- `max_attempts` (Number) Maximum number of attempts.
- `max_records` (Number) Maximum number of records sent in one message.
- `max_senders` (Number) Number of sender processes used by the connector.
- `password` (String) Password to authenticate the connector with the receiver. Supported only if `auth_type` is one of `basic`, `ntlm`, `kerberos` or `digest`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssl_cert_file` (String) Public SSL key file path for client authentication.
- `ssl_key_file` (String) Private SSL key file path for client authentication.
- `ssl_key_password` (String) Password of the private SSL key file.
- `state` (String) State of the connector. On `present`, it will create a connector if it does not exist or update the connector if the associated data is different. On `absent`, it will remove the connector if it exists.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags_eval_type` (String) Tag filter evaluation method.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) Bearer token to authenticate the connector with the receiver. Required when `auth_type=bearer`.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) URL of the receiver used by the connector.
- `username` (String) Username to authenticate the connector with the receiver. Supported only if `auth_type` is one of `basic`, `ntlm`, `kerberos` or `digest`.
- `verify_host` (Boolean) Whether the connector should verify the receiver's hostname against the certificate's CN or SAN fields.
- `verify_peer` (Boolean) Whether the connector should verify the receiver's certificate.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Text result of the operation.
- `result` (String) JSON result of the Zabbix API call
