---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_openssl_publickey Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_openssl_publickey (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) Name of the file in which the generated TLS/SSL public key will be written.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file including a timestamp so you can get the original public key back if you overwrote it with a different one by accident.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Should the key be regenerated even it it already exists.
- `format` (String) The format of the public key.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `privatekey_content` (String) The content of the TLS/SSL private key from which to generate the public key. Either `privatekey_path` or `privatekey_content` must be specified, but not both. If `state` is `present`, one of them is required.
- `privatekey_passphrase` (String) The passphrase for the private key.
- `privatekey_path` (String) Path to the TLS/SSL private key from which to generate the public key. Either `privatekey_path` or `privatekey_content` must be specified, but not both. If `state` is `present`, one of them is required.
- `return_content` (Boolean) If set to `true`, will return the (current or generated) public key's content as R`publickey`.
- `select_crypto_backend` (String) Determines which crypto backend to use. The default choice is `auto`, which tries to use `cryptography` if available. If set to `cryptography`, will try to use the [cryptography](https://cryptography.io/) library. Note that with community.crypto 3.0.0, all values behave the same. This option will be deprecated in a later version. We recommend to not set it explicitly.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the public key should exist or not, taking action if the state is different from what is stated.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `backup_file` (String) Name of backup file created.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `filename` (String) Path to the generated TLS/SSL public key file.
- `fingerprint` (String) The fingerprint of the public key. Fingerprint will be generated for each hashlib.algorithms available.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `privatekey` (String) Path to the TLS/SSL private key the public key was generated from. Will be `none` if the private key has been provided in `privatekey_content`.
- `publickey` (String) The (current or generated) public key's content.
