---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_redshift Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_redshift (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `command` (String) Specifies the action to take.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `identifier` (String) Redshift cluster identifier.

### Optional

- `allow_version_upgrade` (Boolean) When *allow_version_upgrade=true* the cluster may be automatically upgraded during the maintenance window.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `automated_snapshot_retention_period` (Number) The number of days that automated snapshots are retained.
- `availability_zone` (String) Availability zone in which to launch cluster.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster_parameter_group_name` (String) Name of the cluster parameter group.
- `cluster_security_groups` (String) In which security group the cluster belongs.
- `cluster_subnet_group_name` (String) Which subnet to place the cluster.
- `cluster_type` (String) The type of cluster.
- `cluster_version` (String) Which version the cluster should have.
- `db_name` (String) Name of the database.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `elastic_ip` (String) An Elastic IP to use for the cluster.
- `encrypted` (Boolean) If the cluster is encrypted or not.
- `enhanced_vpc_routing` (Boolean) Whether the cluster should have enhanced VPC routing enabled.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `final_cluster_snapshot_identifier` (String) Identifier of the final snapshot to be created before deleting the cluster. If this parameter is provided, *skip_final_cluster_snapshot* must be `false`. Used only when *command=delete*.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `new_cluster_identifier` (String) Only used when command=modify.
- `node_type` (String) The node type of the cluster. Require when *command=create*.
- `number_of_nodes` (Number) Number of nodes. Only used when *cluster_type=multi-node*.
- `password` (String) Master database password. Used only when *command=create*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) Which port the cluster is listening on.
- `preferred_maintenance_window` (String) Maintenance window in format of `ddd:hh24:mi-ddd:hh24:mi`.  (Example: `Mon:22:00-Mon:23:15`) Times are specified in UTC. If not specified then a random 30 minute maintenance window is assigned.
- `publicly_accessible` (Boolean) If the cluster is accessible publicly or not.
- `skip_final_cluster_snapshot` (Boolean) Skip a final snapshot before deleting the cluster. Used only when *command=delete*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Master database username. Used only when *command=create*.
- `vpc_security_group_ids` (String) VPC security group
- `wait` (Boolean) When *command=create*, *command=modify* or *command=restore* then wait for the database to enter the 'available' state. When *command=delete* wait for the database to be terminated.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) When *wait=true* defines how long in seconds before giving up.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cluster` (String) dictionary containing all the cluster information
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
