---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_gitlab_issue Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_gitlab_issue (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `project` (String) The path or name of the project.
- `title` (String) A title for the issue. The title is used as a unique identifier to ensure idempotency.

### Optional

- `assignee_ids` (String) A list of assignee usernames omitting `@` character. Set to an empty array to unassign all assignees.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A description of the issue. Gets overridden by a content of file specified at `description_path`, if found.
- `description_path` (String) A path of file containing issue's description. Accepts MarkDown formatted files.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `issue_type` (String) Type of the issue.
- `labels` (String) A list of label names. Set to an empty array to remove all labels.
- `milestone_group_id` (String) The path or numeric ID of the group hosting desired milestone.
- `milestone_search` (String) The name of the milestone. Set to empty string to unassign milestone.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or delete issue.
- `state_filter` (String) Filter specifying state of issues while searching.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `issue` (String) API object.
- `msg` (String) Success or failure message.
