---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_svc Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_svc (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the service to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `downed` (Boolean) Should a `down` file exist or not, if it exists it disables auto startup. Defaults to `false`. Downed does not imply stopped.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the service is enabled or not, if disabled it also implies `state=stopped`. Take note that a service can be enabled and downed (no auto restart).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `service_dir` (String) Directory `svscan` watches for services.
- `service_src` (String) Directory where services are defined, the source of symlinks to `service_dir`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `started`/`stopped` are idempotent actions that do not run commands unless necessary. `restarted` always bounces the svc (svc -t) and `killed` always bounces the svc (svc -k). `reloaded` sends a sigusr1 (svc -1). `once` runs a normally downed svc once (svc -o), not really an idempotent operation.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
