---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_libvirt_virt Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_libvirt_virt (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `flags` (String) Pass additional parameters. Currently only implemented with command `undefine`. Specify which metadata should be removed with `undefine`. Useful option to be able to `undefine` guests with UEFI nvram. `nvram` and `keep_nvram` are conflicting and mutually exclusive. Consider option `force` if all related metadata should be removed.
- `force` (Boolean) Enforce an action. Currently only implemented with command `undefine`. This option can be used instead of providing all `flags`. If `true`, `undefine` removes also any related nvram or other metadata, if existing. If `false` or not set, `undefine` executes only if there is no nvram or other metadata existing. Otherwise the task fails and the guest is kept defined without change. `true` and option `flags` should not be provided together. In this case `undefine` ignores `true`, considers only `flags` and issues a warning.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `list_vms` (String) The list of vms defined on the remote system.
- `status` (String) The status of the VM, among running, crashed, paused and shutdown.
