---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_newrelic_deployment Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_newrelic_deployment (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `revision` (String) A revision number (for example, git commit SHA).
- `token` (String) API token to place in the Api-Key header.

### Optional

- `app_name` (String) The value of `app_name` in the `newrelic.yml` file used by the application. One of `app_name` or `application_id` is required.
- `app_name_exact_match` (Boolean) If this flag is set to `true` then the application ID lookup by name would only work for an exact match. If set to `false` it returns the first result.
- `application_id` (String) The application ID found in the metadata of the application in APM. One of `app_name` or `application_id` is required.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `changelog` (String) A list of changes for this deployment.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Text annotation for the deployment - notes for you.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user` (String) The name of the user/process that triggered this deployment.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If `false`, SSL certificates are not validated. This should only be used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
