---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_video Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_guest_video (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datacenter` (String) The datacenter name to which virtual machine belongs to.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `display_number` (Number) The number of display. Valid value from 1 to 10. The maximum display number is 4 on vCenter 6.0, 6.5 web UI.
- `enable_3D` (Boolean) Enable 3D for guest operating systems on which VMware supports 3D.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Destination folder, absolute or relative path to find an existing guest. This is a required parameter, only if multiple VMs are found with same name. The folder should include the datacenter. ESXi server's datacenter is ha-datacenter. Examples:    folder: /ha-datacenter/vm    folder: ha-datacenter/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm    folder: datacenter1/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm/folder2
- `gather_video_facts` (Boolean) If set to `true`, return settings of the video card, other attributes are ignored. If set to `false`, will do reconfiguration and return video card settings.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `memory_3D_mb` (Number) The value of 3D Memory must be power of 2 and valid value is from 32 MB to 2048 MB.
- `moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the instance to manage if known, this is a unique identifier only within a single vCenter instance. This is required if `name` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual machine. This is a required parameter, if parameter `uuid` or `moid` is not supplied.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `renderer_3D` (String) If set to `automatic`, selects the appropriate option (software or hardware) for this virtual machine automatically. If set to `software`, uses normal CPU processing for 3D calculations. If set to `hardware`, requires graphics hardware (GPU) for faster 3D calculations.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_auto_detect` (Boolean) If set to `true`, applies common video settings to the guest operating system, attributes `display_number` and `video_memory_mb` are ignored. If set to `false`, the number of display and the total video memory will be reconfigured using `display_number` and `video_memory_mb`.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the instance to gather facts if known, this is VMware's unique identifier. This is a required parameter, if parameter `name` or `moid` is not supplied.
- `video_memory_mb` (Number) Valid total MB of video memory range of virtual machine is from 1.172 MB to 256 MB on ESXi 6.7U1, from 1.172 MB to 128 MB on ESXi 6.7 and previous versions. For specific guest OS, supported minimum and maximum video memory are different, please be careful on setting this.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `video_status` (String) metadata about the virtual machine's video card after managing them
