---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_tag Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_tag (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `tag_name` (String) The name of tag to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `category_id` (String) The unique ID generated by vCenter should be used to. User can get this unique ID from facts module. Required if `category_name` is not set.
- `category_name` (String) The name of category. Required if `category_id` is not set.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of tag. If set to `present` and tag does not exists, then tag is created. If set to `present` and tag exists, then tag is updated. If set to `absent` and tag exists, then tag is deleted. If set to `absent` and tag does not exists, no action is taken.
- `tag_description` (String) The tag description. This is required only if `state=present`. This parameter is ignored, when `state=absent`. Process of updating tag only allows description change.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `tag_status` (String) dictionary of tag metadata
