---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_acme_certificate_order_validate Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_acme_certificate_order_validate (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `order_uri` (String) The order URI provided by R`community.crypto.acme_certificate_order_create#module:order_uri`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `challenge` (String) The challenge to be performed for every pending authorization. Must be provided if there is at least one pending authorization. In case of authorization reuse, or in case of CAs which use External Account Binding and other means of validating certificate assurance, it might not be necessary to provide this option.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `deactivate_authzs` (Boolean) Deactivate authentication objects (authz) in case an error happens. Authentication objects are bound to an account key and remain valid for a certain amount of time, and can be used to issue certificates without having to re-authenticate the domain. This can be a security concern.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `account_uri` (String) ACME account URI.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `validating_challenges` (String) List of challenges whose validation was triggered.
