---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_openssh_keypair Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_openssh_keypair (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) Name of the files containing the public and private key. The file containing the public key will have the extension `.pub`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backend` (String) Selects between the `cryptography` library or the OpenSSH binary `opensshbin`. `auto` will default to `opensshbin` unless the OpenSSH binary is not installed or when using `passphrase`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Provides a new comment to the public key.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Should the key be regenerated even if it already exists.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `passphrase` (String) Passphrase used to decrypt an existing private key or encrypt a newly generated private key. Passphrases are not supported for `type=rsa1`. Can only be used when `backend=cryptography`, or when `backend=auto` and a required `cryptography` version is installed.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_key_format` (String) Used when `backend=cryptography` to select a format for the private key at the provided `path`. When set to `auto` this module will match the key format of the installed OpenSSH version. For OpenSSH < 7.8 private keys will be in PKCS1 format except ed25519 keys which will be in OpenSSH format. For OpenSSH >= 7.8 all private key types will be in the OpenSSH format. Using this option when `regenerate=partial_idempotence` or `regenerate=full_idempotence` will cause a new keypair to be generated if the private key's format does not match the value of `private_key_format`. This module will not however convert existing private keys between formats.
- `regenerate` (String) Allows to configure in which situations the module is allowed to regenerate private keys. The module will always generate a new key if the destination file does not exist. By default, the key will be regenerated when it does not match the module's options, except when the key cannot be read or the passphrase does not match. Please note that this **changed** for Ansible 2.10. For Ansible 2.9, the behavior was as if `full_idempotence` is specified. If set to `never`, the module will fail if the key cannot be read or the passphrase is not matching, and will never regenerate an existing key. If set to `fail`, the module will fail if the key does not correspond to the module's options. If set to `partial_idempotence`, the key will be regenerated if it does not conform to the module's options. The key is **not** regenerated if it cannot be read (broken file), the key is protected by an unknown passphrase, or when they key is not protected by a passphrase, but a passphrase is specified. If set to `full_idempotence`, the key will be regenerated if it does not conform to the module's options. This is also the case if the key cannot be read (broken file), the key is protected by an unknown passphrase, or when they key is not protected by a passphrase, but a passphrase is specified. Make sure you have a **backup** when using this option! If set to `always`, the module will always regenerate the key. This is equivalent to setting `force` to `true`. Note that adjusting the comment and the permissions can be changed without regeneration. Therefore, even for `never`, the task can result in changed.
- `size` (Number) Specifies the number of bits in the private key to create. For RSA keys, the minimum size is 1024 bits and the default is 4096 bits. Generally, 2048 bits is considered sufficient. DSA keys must be exactly 1024 bits as specified by FIPS 186-2. For ECDSA keys, size determines the key length by selecting from one of three elliptic curve sizes: 256, 384 or 521 bits. Attempting to use bit lengths other than these three values for ECDSA keys will cause this module to fail. Ed25519 keys have a fixed length and the size will be ignored.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the private and public keys should exist or not, taking action if the state is different from what is stated.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The algorithm used to generate the SSH private key. `rsa1` is for protocol version 1. `rsa1` is deprecated and may not be supported by every version of ssh-keygen.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `filename` (String) Path to the generated SSH private key file.
- `fingerprint` (String) The fingerprint of the key.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `public_key` (String) The public key of the generated SSH private key.
