---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_aix_lvol Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_aix_lvol (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `lv` (String) The name of the logical volume.
- `vg` (String) The volume group this logical volume is part of.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `copies` (Number) The number of copies of the logical volume. Maximum copies are 3.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lv_type` (String) The type of the logical volume.
- `opts` (String) Free-form options to be passed to the mklv command.
- `policy` (String) Sets the interphysical volume allocation policy. `maximum` allocates logical partitions across the maximum number of physical volumes. `minimum` allocates logical partitions across the minimum number of physical volumes.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pvs` (String) A list of physical volumes, for example `[hdisk1, hdisk2]`.
- `size` (String) The size of the logical volume with one of the [MGT] units.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Control if the logical volume exists. If `present` and the volume does not already exist then the `size` option is required.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) A friendly message describing the task result.
