---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_elb_target Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_elb_target (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) Register or deregister the target.
- `target_id` (String) The ID of the target.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deregister_unused` (Boolean) The default behaviour for targets that are unused is to leave them registered. If instead you would like to remove them set *deregister_unused=true*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_az` (String) An Availability Zone or `all`. This determines whether the target receives traffic from the load balancer nodes in the specified Availability Zone or from all enabled Availability Zones for the load balancer. This parameter is not supported if the target type of the target group is instance.
- `target_group_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the target group. Mutually exclusive of *target_group_name*.
- `target_group_name` (String) The name of the target group. Mutually exclusive of *target_group_arn*.
- `target_port` (Number) The port on which the target is listening. You can specify a port override. If a target is already registered, you can register it again using a different port. The default port for a target is the port for the target group.
- `target_status` (String) Blocks and waits for the target status to equal given value. For more detail on target status see https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/target-group-health-checks.html#target-health-states
- `target_status_timeout` (Number) Maximum time in seconds to wait for *target_status* change.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
