---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_docker_docker_container Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_docker_docker_container (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Assign a name to a new container or match an existing container. When identifying an existing container name may be a name or a long or short container ID.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_remove` (Boolean) Enable auto-removal of the container on daemon side when the container's process exits. If `container_default_behavior=compatibility`, this option has a default of `false`.
- `blkio_weight` (Number) Block IO (relative weight), between 10 and 1000.
- `cap_drop` (String) List of capabilities to drop from the container.
- `capabilities` (String) List of capabilities to add to the container. This is equivalent to `docker run --cap-add`, or the docker-compose option `cap_add`.
- `cgroup_parent` (String) Specify the parent cgroup for the container.
- `cgroupns_mode` (String) Specify the cgroup namespace mode for the container. The Docker CLI calls this simply `cgroupns`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cleanup` (Boolean) Use with `detach=false` to remove the container after successful execution.
- `command` (String) Command to execute when the container starts. A command may be either a string or a list. Prior to version 2.4, strings were split on commas. See `command_handling` for differences in how strings and lists are handled.
- `command_handling` (String) The default behavior for `command` (when provided as a list) and `entrypoint` is to convert them to strings without considering shell quoting rules. (For comparing idempotency, the resulting string is split considering shell quoting rules). Also, setting `command` to an empty list of string, and setting `entrypoint` to an empty list will be handled as if these options are not specified. This is different from idempotency handling for other container-config related options. When this is set to `compatibility`, which was the default until community.docker 3.0.0, the current behavior will be kept. When this is set to `correct`, these options are kept as lists, and an empty value or empty list will be handled correctly for idempotency checks. This has been the default since community.docker 3.0.0.
- `comparisons` (String) Allows to specify how properties of existing containers are compared with module options to decide whether the container should be recreated / updated or not. Only options which correspond to the state of a container as handled by the Docker daemon can be specified, as well as `networks`. Must be a dictionary specifying for an option one of the keys `strict`, `ignore` and `allow_more_present`. If `strict` is specified, values are tested for equality, and changes always result in updating or restarting. If `ignore` is specified, changes are ignored. `allow_more_present` is allowed only for lists, sets and dicts. If it is specified for lists or sets, the container will only be updated or restarted if the module option contains a value which is not present in the container's options. If the option is specified for a dict, the container will only be updated or restarted if the module option contains a key which is not present in the container's option, or if the value of a key present differs. The wildcard option `*` can be used to set one of the default values `strict` or `ignore` to *all* comparisons which are not explicitly set to other values. See the examples for details.
- `container_default_behavior` (String) In older versions of this module, various module options used to have default values. This caused problems with containers which use different values for these options. The default value is now `no_defaults`. To restore the old behavior, set it to `compatibility`, which will ensure that the default values are used when the values are not explicitly specified by the user. This affects the `auto_remove`, `detach`, `init`, `interactive`, `memory`, `paused`, `privileged`, `read_only`, and `tty` options.
- `cpu_period` (Number) Limit CPU CFS (Completely Fair Scheduler) period. See `cpus` for an easier to use alternative.
- `cpu_quota` (Number) Limit CPU CFS (Completely Fair Scheduler) quota. See `cpus` for an easier to use alternative.
- `cpu_shares` (Number) CPU shares (relative weight).
- `cpus` (Number) Specify how much of the available CPU resources a container can use. A value of `1.5` means that at most one and a half CPU (core) will be used.
- `cpuset_cpus` (String) CPUs in which to allow execution. For example `1,3` or `1-3`.
- `cpuset_mems` (String) Memory nodes (MEMs) in which to allow execution `0-3` or `0,1`.
- `default_host_ip` (String) Define the default host IP to use. Must be an empty string, an IPv4 address, or an IPv6 address. With Docker 20.10.2 or newer, this should be set to an empty string (`""`) to avoid the port bindings without an explicit IP address to only bind to IPv4. See https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.docker/issues/70 for details. By default, the module will try to auto-detect this value from the `bridge` network's `com.docker.network.bridge.host_binding_ipv4` option. If it cannot auto-detect it, it will fall back to `0.0.0.0`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `detach` (Boolean) Enable detached mode to leave the container running in background. If disabled, the task will reflect the status of the container run (failed if the command failed). If `container_default_behavior=compatibility`, this option has a default of `true`.
- `device_cgroup_rules` (String) List of cgroup rules to apply to the container.
- `device_read_bps` (String) List of device path and read rate (bytes per second) from device.
- `device_read_iops` (String) List of device and read rate (IO per second) from device.
- `device_requests` (String) Allows to request additional resources, such as GPUs.
- `device_write_bps` (String) List of device and write rate (bytes per second) to device.
- `device_write_iops` (String) List of device and write rate (IO per second) to device.
- `devices` (String) List of host device bindings to add to the container. Each binding is a mapping expressed in the format `<path_on_host>:<path_in_container>:<cgroup_permissions>`.
- `dns_opts` (String) List of DNS options.
- `dns_search_domains` (String) List of custom DNS search domains.
- `dns_servers` (String) List of custom DNS servers.
- `domainname` (String) Container domainname.
- `entrypoint` (String) Command that overwrites the default `ENTRYPOINT` of the image. See `command_handling` for differences in how strings and lists are handled.
- `env` (String) Dictionary of key,value pairs. Values which might be parsed as numbers, booleans or other types by the YAML parser must be quoted (for example `"true"`) in order to avoid data loss. Please note that if you are passing values in with Jinja2 templates, like `"{{ value }}"`, you need to add `| string` to prevent Ansible to convert strings such as `"true"` back to booleans. The correct way is to use `"{{ value | string }}"`.
- `env_file` (String) Path to a file, present on the target, containing environment variables `FOO=BAR`. If variable also present in `env`, then the `env` value will override.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `etc_hosts` (String) Dict of host-to-IP mappings, where each host name is a key in the dictionary. Each host name will be added to the container's `/etc/hosts` file. Instead of an IP address, the special value `host-gateway` can also be used, which resolves to the host's gateway IP and allows containers to connect to services running on the host.
- `exposed_ports` (String) List of additional container ports which informs Docker that the container listens on the specified network ports at runtime. If the port is already exposed using `EXPOSE` in a Dockerfile, it does not need to be exposed again.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_kill` (Boolean) Use the kill command when stopping a running container.
- `groups` (String) List of additional group names and/or IDs that the container process will run as.
- `healthcheck` (String) Configure a check that is run to determine whether or not containers for this service are "healthy". See the docs for the [HEALTHCHECK Dockerfile instruction](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#healthcheck) for details on how healthchecks work. `healthcheck.interval`, `healthcheck.timeout`, `healthcheck.start_period`, and `healthcheck.start_interval` are specified as durations. They accept duration as a string in a format that look like: `5h34m56s`, `1m30s`, and so on. The supported units are `us`, `ms`, `s`, `m` and `h`. See also `state=healthy`.
- `healthy_wait_timeout` (Number) When waiting for the container to become healthy if `state=healthy`, this option controls how long the module waits until the container state becomes healthy. The timeout is specified in seconds. The default, `300`, is 5 minutes. Set this to 0 or a negative value to wait indefinitely. Note that depending on the container this can result in the module not terminating.
- `hostname` (String) The container's hostname.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `image` (String) Repository path and tag used to create the container. If an image is not found or pull is true, the image will be pulled from the registry. If no tag is included, `latest` will be used. Can also be an image ID. If this is the case, the image is assumed to be available locally. The `pull` option is ignored for this case.
- `image_comparison` (String) Determines which image to use for idempotency checks that depend on image parameters. The default, `desired-image`, will use the image that is provided to the module with the `image` parameter. `current-image` will use the image that the container is currently using, if the container exists. It falls back to the image that is provided in case the container does not yet exist. This affects the `env`, `env_file`, `exposed_ports`, `labels`, and `volumes` options.
- `image_label_mismatch` (String) How to handle labels inherited from the image that are not set explicitly. When `ignore`, labels that are present in the image but not specified in `labels` will be ignored. This is useful to avoid having to specify the image labels in `labels` while keeping labels `comparisons` `strict`. When `fail`, if there are labels present in the image which are not set from `labels`, the module will fail. This prevents introducing unexpected labels from the base image. **Warning:** This option is ignored unless `labels: strict` or `*: strict` is specified in the `comparisons` option.
- `image_name_mismatch` (String) Determines what the module does if the image matches, but the image name in the container's configuration does not match the image name provided to the module. This is ignored if `image: ignore` is set in `comparisons`. If set to `recreate` (default) the container will be recreated. If set to `ignore` the container will not be recreated because of this. It might still get recreated for other reasons. This has been the default behavior of the module for a long time, but might not be what users expect. The default changed from `ignore` to `recreate` in community.docker 4.0.0.
- `init` (Boolean) Run an init inside the container that forwards signals and reaps processes. If `container_default_behavior=compatibility`, this option has a default of `false`.
- `interactive` (Boolean) Keep stdin open after a container is launched, even if not attached. If `container_default_behavior=compatibility`, this option has a default of `false`.
- `ipc_mode` (String) Set the IPC mode for the container. Can be one of `container:<name|id>` to reuse another container's IPC namespace or `host` to use the host's IPC namespace within the container.
- `keep_volumes` (Boolean) Retain anonymous volumes associated with a removed container.
- `kernel_memory` (String) Kernel memory limit in format `<number>[<unit>]`. Number is a positive integer. Unit can be `B` (byte), `K` (kibibyte, 1024B), `M` (mebibyte), `G` (gibibyte), `T` (tebibyte), or `P` (pebibyte). Minimum is `4M`. Omitting the unit defaults to bytes.
- `kill_signal` (String) Override default signal used to kill a running container.
- `labels` (String) Dictionary of key value pairs.
- `links` (String) List of name aliases for linked containers in the format `container_name:alias`. Setting this will force container to be restarted.
- `log_driver` (String) Specify the logging driver. Docker uses `json-file` by default. See [the Docker logging configuration documentation](https://docs.docker.com/config/containers/logging/configure/) for possible choices.
- `log_options` (String) Dictionary of options specific to the chosen `log_driver`. See https://docs.docker.com/engine/admin/logging/overview/ for details. `log_driver` needs to be specified for `log_options` to take effect, even if using the default `json-file` driver.
- `mac_address` (String) Container MAC address (for example, `92:d0:c6:0a:29:33`). Note that the global container-wide MAC address is deprecated and no longer used since Docker API version 1.44. Use `networks[].mac_address` instead.
- `memory` (String) Memory limit in format `<number>[<unit>]`. Number is a positive integer. Unit can be `B` (byte), `K` (kibibyte, 1024B), `M` (mebibyte), `G` (gibibyte), `T` (tebibyte), or `P` (pebibyte). Omitting the unit defaults to bytes. If `container_default_behavior=compatibility`, this option has a default of `"0"`.
- `memory_reservation` (String) Memory soft limit in format `<number>[<unit>]`. Number is a positive integer. Unit can be `B` (byte), `K` (kibibyte, 1024B), `M` (mebibyte), `G` (gibibyte), `T` (tebibyte), or `P` (pebibyte). Omitting the unit defaults to bytes.
- `memory_swap` (String) Total memory limit (memory + swap) in format `<number>[<unit>]`, or the special values `unlimited` or `-1` for unlimited swap usage. Number is a positive integer. Unit can be `B` (byte), `K` (kibibyte, 1024B), `M` (mebibyte), `G` (gibibyte), `T` (tebibyte), or `P` (pebibyte). Omitting the unit defaults to bytes.
- `memory_swappiness` (Number) Tune a container's memory swappiness behavior. Accepts an integer between 0 and 100. If not set, the value will be remain the same if container exists and will be inherited from the host machine if it is (re-)created.
- `mounts` (String) Specification for mounts to be added to the container. More powerful alternative to `volumes`.
- `network_mode` (String) Connect the container to a network. Choices are `bridge`, `host`, `none`, `container:<name|id>`, `<network_name>` or `default`. Since community.docker 2.0.0, if `networks_cli_compatible=true` and `networks` contains at least one network, the default value for `network_mode` is the name of the first network in the `networks` list. You can prevent this by explicitly specifying a value for `network_mode`, like the default value `default` which will be used by Docker if `network_mode` is not specified.
- `networks` (String) List of networks the container belongs to. For examples of the data structure and usage see EXAMPLES below. To remove a container from one or more networks, use `networks: strict` in the `comparisons` option. If `networks_cli_compatible=false`, this will not remove the default network if `networks` is specified. This is different from the behavior of `docker run ...`. You need to explicitly use `networks: strict` in `comparisons` to enforce the removal of the default network (and all other networks not explicitly mentioned in `networks`) in that case.
- `networks_cli_compatible` (Boolean) If `networks_cli_compatible=true` (default), this module will behave as `docker run --network` and will **not** add the default network if `networks` is specified. If `networks` is not specified, the default network will be attached. When `networks_cli_compatible=false` and networks are provided to the module with the `networks` option, the module behaves differently than `docker run --network`: `docker run --network other` will create a container with network `other` attached, but the default network not attached. This module with `networks` set to `{name: other}` will create a container with both `default` and `other` attached. If `networks: strict` or `*: strict` is set in `comparisons`, the `default` network will be removed afterwards.
- `oom_killer` (Boolean) Whether or not to disable OOM Killer for the container.
- `oom_score_adj` (Number) An integer value containing the score given to the container in order to tune OOM killer preferences.
- `output_logs` (Boolean) If set to true, output of the container command will be printed. Only effective when `log_driver` is set to `json-file`, `journald`, or `local`.
- `paused` (Boolean) Use with the started state to pause running processes inside the container. If `container_default_behavior=compatibility`, this option has a default of `false`.
- `pid_mode` (String) Set the PID namespace mode for the container.
- `pids_limit` (Number) Set PIDs limit for the container. It accepts an integer value. Set `-1` for unlimited PIDs.
- `platform` (String) Platform for the container in the format `os[/arch[/variant]]`. Note that since community.docker 3.5.0, the module uses both the image's metadata and the Docker daemon's information to normalize platform strings similarly to how Docker itself is doing this. If you notice idempotency problems, please verify whether this is still a problem with the latest release of community.docker, and if it is, [create an issue in the community.docker GitHub repository]( https://github.com/ansible-collections/community.docker/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&projects=&template=bug_report.md). For older community.docker versions, you can use the `comparisons` option with `platform: ignore` to prevent accidental recreation of the container due to this.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `privileged` (Boolean) Give extended privileges to the container. If `container_default_behavior=compatibility`, this option has a default of `false`.
- `publish_all_ports` (Boolean) Publish all ports to the host. Any specified port bindings from `published_ports` will remain intact when `true`.
- `published_ports` (String) List of ports to publish from the container to the host. Use docker CLI syntax: `8000`, `9000:8000`, or `0.0.0.0:9000:8000`, where 8000 is a container port, 9000 is a host port, and 0.0.0.0 is a host interface. Port ranges can be used for source and destination ports. If two ranges with different lengths are specified, the shorter range will be used. Since community.general 0.2.0, if the source port range has length 1, the port will not be assigned to the first port of the destination range, but to a free port in that range. This is the same behavior as for `docker` command line utility. Bind addresses must be either IPv4 or IPv6 addresses. Hostnames are **not** allowed. This is different from the `docker` command line utility. Use the `community.general.dig#lookup` lookup to resolve hostnames. If `networks` parameter is provided, will inspect each network to see if there exists a bridge network with optional parameter `com.docker.network.bridge.host_binding_ipv4`. If such a network is found, then published ports where no host IP address is specified will be bound to the host IP pointed to by `com.docker.network.bridge.host_binding_ipv4`. Note that the first bridge network with a `com.docker.network.bridge.host_binding_ipv4` value encountered in the list of `networks` is the one that will be used. The value `all` was allowed in earlier versions of this module. Support for it was removed in community.docker 3.0.0. Use the `publish_all_ports` option instead.
- `pull` (String) If set to `never`, will never try to pull an image. Will fail if the image is not available on the Docker daemon. If set to `missing` or `false`, only pull the image if it is not available on the Docker daemon. This is the default behavior. If set to `always` or `true`, always try to pull the latest version of the image. **Note:** images are only pulled when specified by name. If the image is specified as a image ID (hash), it cannot be pulled, and this option is ignored. **Note:** the values `never`, `missing`, and `always` are only available since community.docker 3.8.0. Earlier versions only support `true` and `false`.
- `pull_check_mode_behavior` (String) Allows to adjust the behavior when `pull=always` or `pull=true` in check mode. Since the Docker daemon does not expose any functionality to test whether a pull will result in a changed image, the module by default acts like `pull=always` only results in a change when the image is not present. If set to `image_not_present` (default), only report changes in check mode when the image is not present. If set to `always`, always report changes in check mode.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mount the container's root file system as read-only. If `container_default_behavior=compatibility`, this option has a default of `false`.
- `recreate` (Boolean) Use with present and started states to force the re-creation of an existing container.
- `removal_wait_timeout` (Number) When removing an existing container, the docker daemon API call exists after the container is scheduled for removal. Removal usually is very fast, but it can happen that during high I/O load, removal can take longer. By default, the module will wait until the container has been removed before trying to (re-)create it, however long this takes. By setting this option, the module will wait at most this many seconds for the container to be removed. If the container is still in the removal phase after this many seconds, the module will fail.
- `restart` (Boolean) Use with started state to force a matching container to be stopped and restarted.
- `restart_policy` (String) Container restart policy. Place quotes around `no` option.
- `restart_retries` (Number) Use with restart policy to control maximum number of restart attempts.
- `runtime` (String) Runtime to use for the container.
- `security_opts` (String) List of security options in the form of `"label:user:User"`.
- `shm_size` (String) Size of `/dev/shm` in format `<number>[<unit>]`. Number is positive integer. Unit can be `B` (byte), `K` (kibibyte, 1024B), `M` (mebibyte), `G` (gibibyte), `T` (tebibyte), or `P` (pebibyte). Omitting the unit defaults to bytes. If you omit the size entirely, Docker daemon uses `64M`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `absent` - A container matching the specified name will be stopped and removed. Use `force_kill` to kill the container rather than stopping it. Use `keep_volumes` to retain anonymous volumes associated with the removed container. `present` - Asserts the existence of a container matching the name and any provided configuration parameters. If no container matches the name, a container will be created. If a container matches the name but the provided configuration does not match, the container will be updated, if it can be. If it cannot be updated, it will be removed and re-created with the requested config. `started` - Asserts that the container is first `present`, and then if the container is not running moves it to a running state. Use `restart` to force a matching container to be stopped and restarted. `healthy` - Asserts that the container is `present` and `started`, and is actually healthy as well. This means that the conditions defined in `healthcheck` respectively in the image's `HEALTHCHECK` ([Docker reference for HEALTHCHECK]( https://docs.docker.com/reference/dockerfile/#healthcheck)) are satisfied. The time waited can be controlled with `healthy_wait_timeout`. This state has been added in community.docker 3.11.0. `stopped` - Asserts that the container is first `present`, and then if the container is running moves it to a stopped state. To control what will be taken into account when comparing configuration, see the `comparisons` option. To avoid that the image version will be taken into account, you can also use the `image: ignore` in the `comparisons` option. Use the `recreate` option to always force re-creation of a matching container, even if it is running. If the container should be killed instead of stopped in case it needs to be stopped for recreation, or because `state` is `stopped`, please use the `force_kill` option. Use `keep_volumes` to retain anonymous volumes associated with a removed container. Use `keep_volumes` to retain anonymous volumes associated with a removed container.
- `stop_signal` (String) Override default signal used to stop the container.
- `stop_timeout` (Number) Number of seconds to wait for the container to stop before sending `SIGKILL`. When the container is created by this module, its `StopTimeout` configuration will be set to this value. When the container is stopped, will be used as a timeout for stopping the container. In case the container has a custom `StopTimeout` configuration, the behavior depends on the version of the docker daemon. New versions of the docker daemon will always use the container's configured `StopTimeout` value if it has been configured.
- `storage_opts` (String) Storage driver options for this container as a key-value mapping.
- `sysctls` (String) Dictionary of key,value pairs.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tmpfs` (String) Mount a tmpfs directory.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `tty` (Boolean) Allocate a pseudo-TTY. If `container_default_behavior=compatibility`, this option has a default of `false`.
- `ulimits` (String) List of ulimit options. A ulimit is specified as `nofile:262144:262144`.
- `user` (String) Sets the username or UID used and optionally the groupname or GID for the specified command. Can be of the forms `user`, `user:group`, `uid`, `uid:gid`, `user:gid` or `uid:group`.
- `userns_mode` (String) Set the user namespace mode for the container. Currently, the only valid value are `host` and the empty string (`""`).
- `uts` (String) Set the UTS namespace mode for the container.
- `volume_driver` (String) The container volume driver.
- `volumes` (String) List of volumes to mount within the container. Use docker CLI-style syntax: `/host:/container[:mode]`. Mount modes can be a comma-separated list of various modes such as `ro`, `rw`, `consistent`, `delegated`, `cached`, `rprivate`, `private`, `rshared`, `shared`, `rslave`, `slave`, and `nocopy`. Note that the docker daemon might not support all modes and combinations of such modes. SELinux hosts can additionally use `z` or `Z` to use a shared or private label for the volume. Note that Ansible 2.7 and earlier only supported one mode, which had to be one of `ro`, `rw`, `z`, and `Z`.
- `volumes_from` (String) List of container names or IDs to get volumes from.
- `working_dir` (String) Path to the working directory.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `container` (String) Facts representing the current state of the container. Matches the docker inspection output. Empty if `state=absent`. If `detach=false`, will include `Output` attribute containing any output from container run.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `status` (Number) In case a container is started without detaching, this contains the exit code of the process in the container. Before community.docker 1.1.0, this was only returned when non-zero.
