---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_android_sdk Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_android_sdk (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `accept_licenses` (Boolean) If this is set to `true`, the module attempts to accept license prompts generated by `sdkmanager` during package installation. Otherwise, every license prompt is rejected.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `channel` (String) Indicates what channel must `sdkmanager` use for installation of packages.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) A name of an Android SDK package (for instance, `build-tools;34.0.0`).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `sdk_root` (String) Provides path for an alternative directory to install Android SDK packages to. By default, all packages are installed to the directory where `sdkmanager` is installed.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicates the desired package(s) state. `present` ensures that package(s) is/are present. `absent` ensures that package(s) is/are absent. `latest` ensures that package(s) is/are installed and updated to the latest version(s).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `installed` (String) A list of packages that have been installed.
- `removed` (String) A list of packages that have been removed.
