---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_deploy_ovf Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_deploy_ovf (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `allow_duplicates` (Boolean) Whether or not to allow duplicate VM names. ESXi allows duplicates, vCenter may not.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster` (String) Cluster to deploy to. This is a required parameter, if `esxi_hostname` is not set and `hostname` is set to the vCenter server. `esxi_hostname` and `cluster` are mutually exclusive parameters.
- `datacenter` (String) Datacenter to deploy to.
- `datastore` (String) Datastore to deploy to.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deployment_option` (String) The key of the chosen deployment option.
- `disk_provisioning` (String) Disk provisioning type.
- `enable_hidden_properties` (Boolean) Enable source properties that are marked as `ovf:userConfigurable=false`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `esxi_hostname` (String) The ESXi hostname where the virtual machine will run. This is a required parameter, if `cluster` is not set and `hostname` is set to the vCenter server. `esxi_hostname` and `cluster` are mutually exclusive parameters.
- `fail_on_spec_warnings` (Boolean) Cause the module to treat OVF Import Spec warnings as errors.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Absolute path of folder to place the virtual machine. If not specified, defaults to the value of `datacenter.vmFolder`. Examples:    folder: /ha-datacenter/vm    folder: ha-datacenter/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm    folder: datacenter1/vm    folder: /datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: datacenter1/vm/folder1    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: folder1/datacenter1/vm    folder: /folder1/datacenter1/vm/folder2
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `inject_ovf_env` (Boolean) Force the given properties to be inserted into an OVF Environment and injected through VMware Tools.
- `name` (String) Name of the VM to work with. Virtual machine names in vCenter are not necessarily unique, which may be problematic.
- `networks` (String) `key: value` mapping of OVF network name, to the vCenter network name.
- `ovf` (String) Path to OVF or OVA file to deploy. Required if `url` is not set. `ovf` and `url` are mutually exclusive parameters.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `power_on` (Boolean) Whether or not to power on the virtual machine after creation.
- `properties` (String) The assignment of values to the properties found in the OVF as key value pairs.
- `resource_pool` (String) Resource Pool to deploy to.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) URL for OVA file to deploy. Required if `ovf` is not set. `url` and `ovf` are mutually exclusive parameters.
- `wait` (Boolean) Wait for the host to power on.
- `wait_for_ip_address` (Boolean) Wait until vCenter detects an IP address for the VM. This requires vmware-tools (vmtoolsd) to properly work after creation.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `instance` (String) metadata about the new virtual machine
