---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_efs Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_efs (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encrypt` (Boolean) If *encrypt=true* creates an encrypted file system. This can not be modified after the file system is created.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `kms_key_id` (String) The id of the AWS KMS CMK that will be used to protect the encrypted file system. This parameter is only required if you want to use a non-default CMK. If this parameter is not specified, the default CMK for Amazon EFS is used. The key id can be Key ID, Key ID ARN, Key Alias or Key Alias ARN.
- `name` (String) Creation Token of Amazon EFS file system. Required for create and update. Either name or ID required for delete.
- `performance_mode` (String) File system's performance mode to use. Only takes effect during creation.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `provisioned_throughput_in_mibps` (Number) If the throughput_mode is provisioned, select the amount of throughput to provisioned in Mibps.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Allows to create, search and destroy Amazon EFS file system.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `targets` (String) List of mounted targets. It should be a list of dictionaries, every dictionary should include next attributes: This data may be modified for existing EFS using state 'present' and new list of mount targets.
- `throughput_mode` (String) The throughput_mode for the file system to be created.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `transition_to_ia` (String) How many days before objects transition to the lower-cost EFS Infrequent Access (IA) storage class. If set to the string `None`, any existing lifecyle policy will be removed, and objects will not transition to an IA storage class. If this parameter is absent, any existing lifecycle policy will not be affected.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) In case of 'present' state should wait for EFS 'available' life cycle state (of course, if current state not 'deleting' or 'deleted') In case of 'absent' state should wait for EFS 'deleted' life cycle state
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long the module should wait (in seconds) for desired state before returning. Zero means wait as long as necessary.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creation_time` (String) timestamp of creation date
- `creation_token` (String) EFS creation token
- `file_system_id` (String) ID of the file system
- `filesystem_address` (String) url of file system valid for use with mount
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `life_cycle_state` (String) state of the EFS file system
- `mount_point` (String) url of file system with leading dot from the time when AWS EFS required to add a region suffix to the address
- `mount_targets` (String) list of mount targets
- `number_of_mount_targets` (Number) the number of targets mounted
- `owner_id` (String) AWS account ID of EFS owner
- `size_in_bytes` (String) size of the file system in bytes as of a timestamp
