---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_svr4pkg Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_svr4pkg (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Package name, for example `SUNWcsr`.
- `state` (String) Whether to install (`present`), or remove (`absent`) a package. If the package is to be installed, then `src` is required. The SVR4 package system does not provide an upgrade operation. You need to uninstall the old, then install the new package.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `category` (Boolean) Install/Remove category instead of a single package.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `proxy` (String) HTTP[s] proxy to be used if `src` is a URL.
- `response_file` (String) Specifies the location of a response file to be used if package expects input on install.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `src` (String) Specifies the location to install the package from. Required when `state=present`. Can be any path acceptable to the `pkgadd` command's `-d` option. For example: `somefile.pkg`, `/dir/with/pkgs`, `http://server/mypkgs.pkg`. If using a file or directory, they must already be accessible by the host. See the `ansible.builtin.copy` module for a way to get them there.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `zone` (String) Whether to install the package only in the current zone, or install it into all zones. The installation into all zones works only if you are working with the global zone.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
