---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_btrfs_subvolume Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_btrfs_subvolume (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the subvolume/snapshot to be targeted.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `automount` (Boolean) Allow the module to temporarily mount the targeted btrfs filesystem in order to validate the current state and make any required changes.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `default` (Boolean) Make the subvolume specified by `name` the filesystem's default subvolume.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filesystem_device` (String) A block device contained within the btrfs filesystem to be targeted. Useful when multiple btrfs filesystems are present to specify which filesystem should be targeted.
- `filesystem_label` (String) A descriptive label assigned to the btrfs filesystem to be targeted. Useful when multiple btrfs filesystems are present to specify which filesystem should be targeted.
- `filesystem_uuid` (String) A unique identifier assigned to the btrfs filesystem to be targeted. Useful when multiple btrfs filesystems are present to specify which filesystem should be targeted.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `recursive` (Boolean) When true, indicates that parent/child subvolumes should be created/removedas necessary to complete the operation (for `state=present` and `state=absent` respectively).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot_conflict` (String) Policy defining behavior when a subvolume already exists at the path of the requested snapshot. `skip` - Create a snapshot only if a subvolume does not yet exist at the target location, otherwise indicate that no change is required. Warning, this option does not yet verify that the target subvolume was generated from a snapshot of the requested source. `clobber` - If a subvolume already exists at the requested location, delete it first. This option is not idempotent and results in a new snapshot being generated on every execution. `error` - If a subvolume already exists at the requested location, return an error. This option is not idempotent and results in an error on replay of the module.
- `snapshot_source` (String) Identifies the source subvolume for the created snapshot. Infers that the created subvolume is a snapshot.
- `state` (String) Indicates the current state of the targeted subvolume.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `filesystem` (String) A summary of the final state of the targeted btrfs filesystem.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `modifications` (String) A list where each element describes a change made to the target btrfs filesystem.
- `target_subvolume_id` (Number) The ID of the subvolume specified with the `name` parameter, either pre-existing or created as part of module execution.
