---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_cloudformation_stack_set Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_cloudformation_stack_set (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the CloudFormation stack set.

### Optional

- `accounts` (String) A list of AWS accounts in which to create instance of CloudFormation stacks. At least one region must be specified to create a stack set. On updates, if fewer regions are specified only the specified regions will have their stack instances updated.
- `administration_role_arn` (String) ARN of the administration role, meaning the role that CloudFormation Stack Sets use to assume the roles in your child accounts. This defaults to `arn:aws:iam::{{ account ID }}:role/AWSCloudFormationStackSetAdministrationRole` where `{{ account ID }}` is replaced with the account number of the current IAM role/user/STS credentials.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `capabilities` (String) Capabilities allow stacks to create and modify IAM resources, which may include adding users or roles. Currently the only available values are 'CAPABILITY_IAM' and 'CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM'. Either or both may be provided. The following resources require that one or both of these parameters is specified: AWS::IAM::AccessKey, AWS::IAM::Group, AWS::IAM::InstanceProfile, AWS::IAM::Policy, AWS::IAM::Role, AWS::IAM::User, AWS::IAM::UserToGroupAddition
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A description of what this stack set creates.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `execution_role_name` (String) ARN of the execution role, meaning the role that CloudFormation Stack Sets assumes in your child accounts. This MUST NOT be an ARN, and the roles must exist in each child account specified. The default name for the execution role is `AWSCloudFormationStackSetExecutionRole`
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `failure_tolerance` (String) Settings to change what is considered "failed" when running stack instance updates, and how many to do at a time.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `parameters` (String) A list of hashes of all the template variables for the stack. The value can be a string or a dict. Dict can be used to set additional template parameter attributes like UsePreviousValue (see example).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge_stacks` (Boolean) Only applicable when *state=absent*. Sets whether, when deleting a stack set, the stack instances should also be deleted. By default, instances will be deleted. To keep stacks when stack set is deleted set *purge_stacks=false*.
- `regions` (String) A list of AWS regions to create instances of a stack in. The *region* parameter chooses where the Stack Set is created, and *regions* specifies the region for stack instances. At least one region must be specified to create a stack set. On updates, if fewer regions are specified only the specified regions will have their stack instances updated.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If *state=present*, stack will be created.  If *state=present* and if stack exists and template has changed, it will be updated. If *state=absent*, stack will be removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template` (String) The local path of the CloudFormation template. This must be the full path to the file, relative to the working directory. If using roles this may look like `roles/cloudformation/files/cloudformation-example.json`. If *state=present* and the stack does not exist yet, either *template*, *template_body* or *template_url* must be specified (but only one of them). If *state=present*, the stack does exist, and neither *template*, *template_body* nor *template_url* are specified, the previous template will be reused.
- `template_body` (String) Template body. Use this to pass in the actual body of the CloudFormation template. If *state=present* and the stack does not exist yet, either *template*, *template_body* or *template_url* must be specified (but only one of them). If *state=present*, the stack does exist, and neither *template*, *template_body* nor *template_url* are specified, the previous template will be reused.
- `template_url` (String) Location of file containing the template body. The URL must point to a template (max size 307,200 bytes) located in an S3 bucket in the same region as the stack. If *state=present* and the stack does not exist yet, either *template*, *template_body* or *template_url* must be specified (but only one of them). If *state=present*, the stack does exist, and neither *template*, *template_body* nor *template_url* are specified, the previous template will be reused.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether or not to wait for stack operation to complete. This includes waiting for stack instances to reach UPDATE_COMPLETE status. If you choose not to wait, this module will not notify when stack operations fail because it will not wait for them to finish.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long to wait (in seconds) for stacks to complete create/update/delete operations.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `operations` (String) All operations initiated by this run of the cloudformation_stack_set module
- `operations_log` (String) Most recent events in CloudFormation's event log. This may be from a previous run in some cases.
- `stack_instances` (String) CloudFormation stack instances that are members of this stack set. This will also include their region and account ID.
- `stack_set` (String) Facts about the currently deployed stack set, its parameters, and its tags
