---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_consul Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_consul (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `check_host` (String) Host name.
- `check_id` (String) An ID for the service check. If `state=absent`, defaults to `check_name`. Ignored if part of a service definition.
- `check_name` (String) Name for the service check. Required if standalone, ignored if part of service definition.
- `check_node` (String) Node name.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host` (String) Host of the Consul agent defaults to localhost.
- `http` (String) Checks can be registered with an HTTP endpoint. This means that Consul checks that the http endpoint returns a successful HTTP status. Requires `interval` to be provided. Mutually exclusive with `script`, `ttl` and `tcp`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interval` (String) The interval at which the service check is run. This is a number with a `s` or `m` suffix to signify the units of seconds or minutes, for example `15s` or `1m`. If no suffix is supplied `s` is used by default, for example `10` is `10s`. Required if one of the parameters `script`, `http`, or `tcp` is specified.
- `notes` (String) Notes to attach to check when registering it.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) The port on which the Consul agent is running.
- `scheme` (String) The protocol scheme on which the Consul agent is running.
- `script` (String) The script/command that is run periodically to check the health of the service. Requires `interval` to be provided. Mutually exclusive with `ttl`, `tcp` and `http`.
- `service_address` (String) The address to advertise that the service is listening on. This value is passed as the `address` parameter to Consul's `/v1/agent/service/register` API method, so refer to the Consul API documentation for further details.
- `service_id` (String) The ID for the service, must be unique per node. If `state=absent`, defaults to the service name if supplied.
- `service_name` (String) Unique name for the service on a node, must be unique per node, required if registering a service. May be omitted if registering a node level check.
- `service_port` (Number) The port on which the service is listening. Can optionally be supplied for registration of a service, that is if `service_name` or `service_id` is set.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Register or deregister the Consul service, defaults to present.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tcp` (String) Checks can be registered with a TCP port. This means that Consul checks if the connection attempt to that port is successful (that is, the port is currently accepting connections). The format is `host:port`, for example `localhost:80`. Requires `interval` to be provided. Mutually exclusive with `script`, `ttl` and `http`.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) The token key identifying an ACL rule set. May be required to register services.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `ttl` (String) Checks can be registered with a TTL instead of a `script` and `interval` this means that the service checks in with the agent before the TTL expires. If it does not the check is considered failed. Required if registering a check and the script an interval are missing Similar to the interval this is a number with a `s` or `m` suffix to signify the units of seconds or minutes, for example `15s` or `1m`. If no suffix is supplied `s` is used by default, for example `10` is equivalent to `10s`. Mutually exclusive with `script`, `tcp` and `http`.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Whether to verify the TLS certificate of the Consul agent.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
