---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_ssm_parameter Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_ssm_parameter (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Parameter key name.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `decryption` (Boolean) Work with SecureString type to get plain text secrets
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Parameter key description.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key_id` (String) AWS KMS key to decrypt the secrets. The default key (`alias/aws/ssm`) is automatically generated the first time it's requested.
- `overwrite_value` (String) Option to overwrite an existing value if it already exists.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Creates or modifies an existing parameter. Deletes a parameter.
- `string_type` (String) Parameter String type.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tier` (String) Parameter store tier type.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `value` (String) Parameter value.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `parameter_metadata` (String) Information about a parameter. Does not include the value of the parameter as this can be sensitive information.
