---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_git_config_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_git_config_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The name of the setting to read. If not provided, all settings are returned as R`config_values`.
- `path` (String) Path to a git repository or file for reading values from a specific repo. If `scope` is `local`, this must point to a repository to read from. If `scope` is `file`, this must point to specific git config file to read from. Otherwise `path` is ignored if set.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `scope` (String) Specify which scope to read values from. If set to `global`, the global git config is used. `path` is ignored. If set to `system`, the system git config is used. `path` is ignored. If set to `local`, `path` must be set to the repo to read from. If set to `file`, `path` must be set to the config file to read from.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `config_value` (String) When `name` is set, a string containing the value of the setting in name. If `name` is not set, empty. If a config key such as `push.pushoption` has more then one entry, just the first one is returned here.
- `config_values` (String) This is a dictionary mapping a git configuration setting to a list of its values. When `name` is not set, all configuration settings are returned here. When `name` is set, only the setting specified in `name` is returned here. If that setting is not set, the key is still present, and its value is an empty list.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
