---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_udm_dns_zone Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_udm_dns_zone (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `type` (String) Define if the zone is a forward or reverse DNS zone. The available choices are: `forward_zone`, `reverse_zone`.
- `zone` (String) DNS zone name, for example `example.com`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `contact` (String) Contact person in the SOA record.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `expire` (Number) Specifies the upper limit on the time interval that can elapse before the zone is no longer authoritative.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interfaces` (String) List of interface IP addresses, on which the server should response this zone. Required if `state=present`.
- `mx` (String) List of MX servers. (Must declared as A or AAAA records).
- `nameserver` (String) List of appropriate name servers. Required if `state=present`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `refresh` (Number) Interval before the zone should be refreshed.
- `retry` (Number) Interval that should elapse before a failed refresh should be retried.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the DNS zone is present or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `ttl` (Number) Minimum TTL field that should be exported with any RR from this zone.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
