---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_mssql_script Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_mssql_script (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `login_host` (String) Host running the database.
- `script` (String) The SQL script to be executed. Script can contain multiple SQL statements. Multiple Batches can be separated by `GO` command. Each batch must return at least one result set.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `login_password` (String) The password used to authenticate with.
- `login_port` (Number) Port of the MSSQL server. Requires `login_host` be defined as well.
- `login_user` (String) The username used to authenticate with.
- `name` (String) Database to run script against.
- `output` (String) With `default` each row is returned as a list of values. See R`query_results`. Output format `dict` returns dictionary with the column names as keys. See R`query_results_dict`. `dict` requires named columns to be returned by each query otherwise an error is thrown.
- `params` (String) Parameters passed to the script as SQL parameters.
(Query `'SELECT %(name\`s"') with `example: '{"name": "John Doe"}`.)'.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `transaction` (Boolean) If transactional mode is requested, start a transaction and commit the change only if the script succeed. Otherwise, rollback the transaction. If transactional mode is not requested (default), automatically commit the change.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `query_results` (String) List of batches (queries separated by `GO` keyword).
- `query_results_dict` (String) List of batches (queries separated by `GO` keyword).
