---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_cloudfront_distribution Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_cloudfront_distribution (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `alias` (String) The name of an alias (CNAME) that is used in a distribution. This is used to effectively reference a distribution by its alias as an alias can only be used by one distribution per AWS account. This variable avoids having to provide the *distribution_id* as well as the *e_tag*, or *caller_reference* of an existing distribution.
- `aliases` (String) A list of domain name aliases (CNAMEs) as strings to be used for the distribution. Each alias must be unique across all distribution for the AWS account.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cache_behaviors` (String) A list of dictionaries describing the cache behaviors for the distribution. The order of the list is preserved across runs unless *purge_cache_behaviors* is enabled.
- `caller_reference` (String) A unique identifier for creating and updating CloudFront distributions. Each caller reference must be unique across all distributions. e.g. a caller reference used in a web distribution cannot be reused in a streaming distribution. This parameter can be used instead of *distribution_id* to reference an existing distribution. If not specified, this defaults to a datetime stamp of the format `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SS.ffffff`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) A comment that describes the CloudFront distribution. If not specified, it defaults to a generic message that it has been created with Ansible, and a datetime stamp.
- `custom_error_responses` (String) A config element that is a *list[]* of complex custom error responses to be specified for the distribution. This attribute configures custom http error messages returned to the user.
- `default_cache_behavior` (String) A dict specifying the default cache behavior of the distribution. If not specified, the *target_origin_id* is defined as the *target_origin_id* of the first valid cache_behavior in *cache_behaviors* with defaults.
- `default_origin_domain_name` (String) The domain name to use for an origin if no *origins* have been specified. Should only be used on a first run of generating a distribution and not on subsequent runs. Should not be used in conjunction with *distribution_id*, *caller_reference* or *alias*.
- `default_origin_path` (String) The default origin path to specify for an origin if no *origins* have been specified. Defaults to empty if not specified.
- `default_root_object` (String) A config element that specifies the path to request when the user requests the origin. e.g. if specified as 'index.html', this maps to www.example.com/index.html when www.example.com is called by the user. This prevents the entire distribution origin from being exposed at the root.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `distribution_id` (String) The ID of the CloudFront distribution. This parameter can be exchanged with *alias* or *caller_reference* and is used in conjunction with *e_tag*.
- `e_tag` (String) A unique identifier of a modified or existing distribution. Used in conjunction with *distribution_id*. Is determined automatically if not specified.
- `enabled` (Boolean) A boolean value that specifies whether the distribution is enabled or disabled. Defaults to `false`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `http_version` (String) The version of the http protocol to use for the distribution. AWS defaults this to `http2`. Valid values are `http1.1`, `http2`, `http3` and `http2and3`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipv6_enabled` (Boolean) Determines whether IPv6 support is enabled or not. Defaults to `false`.
- `logging` (String) A config element that is a complex object that defines logging for the distribution.
- `origins` (String) A config element that is a list of complex origin objects to be specified for the distribution. Used for creating and updating distributions.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `price_class` (String) A string that specifies the pricing class of the distribution. As per https://aws.amazon.com/cloudfront/pricing/ *price_class=PriceClass_100* consists of the areas United States, Canada and Europe. *price_class=PriceClass_200* consists of the areas United States, Canada, Europe, Japan, India, Hong Kong, Philippines, S. Korea, Singapore & Taiwan. *price_class=PriceClass_All* consists of the areas United States, Canada, Europe, Japan, India, South America, Australia, Hong Kong, Philippines, S. Korea, Singapore & Taiwan. AWS defaults this to `PriceClass_All`. Valid values are `PriceClass_100`, `PriceClass_200` and `PriceClass_All`
- `purge_aliases` (Boolean) Specifies whether existing aliases will be removed before adding new aliases. When *purge_aliases=true*, existing aliases are removed and *aliases* are added.
- `purge_cache_behaviors` (Boolean) Whether to remove any cache behaviors that aren't listed in *cache_behaviors*. This switch also allows the reordering of *cache_behaviors*.
- `purge_custom_error_responses` (Boolean) Whether to remove any custom error responses that aren't listed in *custom_error_responses*.
- `purge_origins` (Boolean) Whether to remove any origins that aren't listed in *origins*.
- `restrictions` (String) A config element that is a complex object that describes how a distribution should restrict it's content.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The desired state of the distribution. *state=present* creates a new distribution or updates an existing distribution. *state=absent* deletes an existing distribution.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `viewer_certificate` (String) A dict that specifies the encryption details of the distribution.
- `wait` (Boolean) Specifies whether the module waits until the distribution has completed processing the creation or update.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) Specifies the duration in seconds to wait for a timeout of a cloudfront create or update.
- `web_acl_id` (String) The ID of a Web Application Firewall (WAF) Access Control List (ACL).

### Read-Only

- `active_trusted_signers` (String) Key pair IDs that CloudFront is aware of for each trusted signer.
- `arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name of the distribution.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `diff` (String) Difference between previous configuration and new configuration.
- `domain_name` (String) Domain name of CloudFront distribution.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `in_progress_invalidation_batches` (Number) The number of invalidation batches currently in progress.
- `is_ipv6_enabled` (Boolean) Whether IPv6 is enabled.
- `last_modified_time` (String) Date and time distribution was last modified.
- `status` (String) Status of the CloudFront distribution.
