---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_maven_artifact Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_maven_artifact (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `artifact_id` (String) The maven artifactId coordinate.
- `dest` (String) The path where the artifact should be written to. If file mode or ownerships are specified and destination path already exists, they affect the downloaded file.
- `group_id` (String) The Maven groupId coordinate.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `checksum_alg` (String) If `md5`, checksums use the MD5 algorithm. This is the default. If `sha1`, checksums use the SHA1 algorithm. This can be used on systems configured to use FIPS-compliant algorithms, since MD5 is blocked on such systems.
- `classifier` (String) The maven classifier coordinate.
- `client_cert` (String) PEM formatted certificate chain file to be used for SSL client authentication. This file can also include the key as well, and if the key is included, `client_key` is not required.
- `client_key` (String) PEM formatted file that contains your private key to be used for SSL client authentication. If `client_cert` contains both the certificate and key, this option is not required.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `directory_mode` (String) Filesystem permission mode applied recursively to `dest` when it is a directory.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `extension` (String) The maven type/extension coordinate.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_basic_auth` (Boolean) `httplib2`, the library used by the URI module only sends authentication information when a webservice responds to an initial request with a 401 status. Since some basic auth services do not properly send a 401, logins fail. This option forces the sending of the Basic authentication header upon initial request.
- `headers` (String) Add custom HTTP headers to a request in hash/dict format.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `keep_name` (Boolean) If `true`, the downloaded artifact's name is preserved, in other words the version number remains part of it. This option only has effect when `dest` is a directory and `version` is set to `latest` or `version_by_spec` is defined.
- `password` (String) The password to authenticate with to the Maven Repository. Use AWS secret access key of the repository is hosted on S3.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `repository_url` (String) The URL of the Maven Repository to download from. Use `s3://...` if the repository is hosted on Amazon S3. Use `file://...` if the repository is local.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The desired state of the artifact.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unredirected_headers` (String) A list of headers that should not be included in the redirection. This headers are sent to the `fetch_url` function. On ansible-core version 2.12 or later, the default of this option is `[Authorization, Cookie]`. Useful if the redirection URL does not need to have sensitive headers in the request. Requires ansible-core version 2.12 or later.
- `username` (String) The username to authenticate as to the Maven Repository. Use AWS secret key of the repository is hosted on S3.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If `false`, SSL certificates are not validated. This should only be set to `false` when no other option exists.
- `verify_checksum` (String) If `never`, the MD5/SHA1 checksum is never downloaded and verified. If `download`, the MD5/SHA1 checksum is downloaded and verified only after artifact download. This is the default. If `change`, the MD5/SHA1 checksum is downloaded and verified if the destination already exist, to verify if they are identical. This was the behaviour before 2.6. Since it downloads the checksum before (maybe) downloading the artifact, and since some repository software, when acting as a proxy/cache, return a 404 error if the artifact has not been cached yet, it may fail unexpectedly. If you still need it, you should consider using `always` instead - if you deal with a checksum, it is better to use it to verify integrity after download. `always` combines `download` and `change`.
- `version` (String) The maven version coordinate. Mutually exclusive with `version_by_spec`.
- `version_by_spec` (String) The maven dependency version ranges. See supported version ranges on https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/MAVENOLD/Dependency+Mediation+and+Conflict+Resolution. The range type `(,1.0],[1.2,\`) and `(,1.1\`,(1.1,\)) is not supported. Mutually exclusive with `version`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
