---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_okd_openshift_adm_prune_images Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_okd_openshift_adm_prune_images (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `all_images` (Boolean) Include images that were imported from external registries as candidates for pruning. If pruned, all the mirrored objects associated with them will also be removed from the integrated registry.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_invalid_refs` (Boolean) If set to *True*, the pruning process will ignore all errors while parsing image references. This means that the pruning process will ignore the intended connection between the object and the referenced image. As a result an image may be incorrectly deleted as unused.
- `keep_younger_than` (Number) Specify the minimum age (in minutes) of an image and its referrers for it to be considered a candidate for pruning.
- `namespace` (String) Use to specify namespace for objects.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prune_over_size_limit` (Boolean) Specify if images which are exceeding LimitRanges specified in the same namespace, should be considered for pruning.
- `prune_registry` (Boolean) If set to *False*, the prune operation will clean up image API objects, but none of the associated content in the registry is removed.
- `registry_ca_cert` (String) Path to a CA certificate used to contact registry. The full certificate chain must be provided to avoid certificate validation errors.
- `registry_url` (String) The address to use when contacting the registry, instead of using the default value. This is useful if you can't resolve or reach the default registry but you do have an alternative route that works. Particular transport protocol can be enforced using '<scheme>://' prefix.
- `registry_validate_certs` (Boolean) Whether or not to verify the API server's SSL certificates. Can also be specified via K8S_AUTH_VERIFY_SSL environment variable.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `deleted_images` (String) The images deleted.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `updated_image_streams` (String) The images streams updated.
