---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_sendkey Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_proxmox_proxmox_sendkey (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delay` (Number) Delay in seconds between each key press.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `keys_send` (String) List of keys or key sequence to send in order. Each item must follow the qemu key naming format such as `ctrl-alt-delete` or `ret`. You can specify either `keys_send` or `string_send`.
- `name` (String) The unique name of the VM.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `string_send` (String) Raw string that will be transformed to the corresponding key presses Only ASCII-characters are supported. before sending. You can specify either `keys_send` or `string_send`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vmid` (Number) The unique ID of the VM. Takes precedence over `name`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `completed_keys_num` (Number) Number of keys that were sent to the VM console.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `keys_num` (Number) Number of sent keys that were sent to the VM console.
- `total_keys` (String) List of sent keys that were sent to the VM console.
