---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_content_deploy_ovf_template Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_content_deploy_ovf_template (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datacenter` (String) Name of the datacenter, where VM to be deployed.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the VM to be deployed.
- `template` (String) The name of OVF template from which VM to be deployed.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster` (String) Name of the cluster in datacenter in which to place deployed VM.
- `datastore` (String) Name of the datastore to store deployed VM and disk.
- `datastore_cluster` (String) Name of the datastore cluster housing a datastore to store deployed VM and disk. If datastore is not specified, the recommended datastore from this cluster will be used.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Name of the folder in datacenter in which to place deployed VM.
- `host` (String) Name of the ESX Host in datacenter in which to place deployed VM. The host has to be a member of the cluster that contains the resource pool.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `library` (String) The name of the content library from where the template resides.
- `log_level` (String) The level of logging desired in this module.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resource_pool` (String) Name of the resourcepool in datacenter in which to place deployed VM.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `storage_provisioning` (String) Default storage provisioning type to use for all sections of type vmw:StorageSection in the OVF descriptor.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vm_deploy_info` (String) Virtual machine deployment message and vm_id
