---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_crypto_acme_inspect Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_crypto_acme_inspect (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content` (String) An encoded JSON object which will be sent as the content if `method` is `post`. Required when `method` is `post`, and not allowed otherwise.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `fail_on_acme_error` (Boolean) If `method` is `post` or `get`, make the module fail in case an ACME error is returned.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `method` (String) The method to use to access the given URL on the ACME server. The value `post` executes an authenticated POST request. The content must be specified in the `content` option. The value `get` executes an authenticated POST-as-GET request for ACME v2, and a regular GET request for ACME v1. The value `directory-only` only retrieves the directory, without doing a request.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) The URL to send the request to. Must be specified if `method` is not `directory-only`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `directory` (String) The ACME directory's content.
- `headers` (String) The request's HTTP headers (with lowercase keys).
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `output_json` (String) The output parsed as JSON.
- `output_text` (String) The raw text output.
