---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_vmware_vmware_vmotion Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_vmware_vmware_vmotion (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `destination_cluster` (String) Name of the destination cluster the virtual machine should be running on. Only works if drs is enabled for this cluster.
- `destination_datacenter` (String) Name of the destination datacenter the datastore is located on. Optional, required only when datastores are shared across datacenters.
- `destination_datastore` (String) Name of the destination datastore the virtual machine's vmdk should be moved on.
- `destination_datastore_cluster` (String) Name of the destination datastore cluster (storage pod) the virtual machine's vmdk should be moved on. Only works if drs is enabled for the cluster the vm is running / should run.
- `destination_host` (String) Name of the destination host the virtual machine should be running on. Version 2.6 onwards, this parameter is not a required parameter, unlike the previous versions.
- `destination_resourcepool` (String) Name of the destination resource pool where the virtual machine should be running. Resource pool is required if vmotion is done between hosts which are part of different clusters or datacenters. if not passed, resource_pool object will be retrived from host_obj parent.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the instance to manage if known, this is a unique identifier only within a single vCenter instance. This is required if `vm_name` or `vm_uuid` is not supplied.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_instance_uuid` (Boolean) Whether to use the VMware instance UUID rather than the BIOS UUID.
- `vm_name` (String) Name of the VM to perform a vMotion on. This is required parameter, if `vm_uuid` is not set.
- `vm_uuid` (String) UUID of the virtual machine to perform a vMotion operation on. This is a required parameter, if `vm_name` or `moid` is not set.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `datastore` (String) List the datastore the virtual machine is on. Only returned if there is asked for a Storage vMotion (Datastore or Datastore Cluster).
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `running_host` (String) List the host the virtual machine is registered to. Only returned if there is asked for a vMotion (Cluster or Host).
