---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_discovery_rule Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_discovery_rule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the discovery rule.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `dchecks` (String) List of dictionaries of discovery check objects. For more information, review discovery check object documentation at https://www.zabbix.com/documentation/current/manual/api/reference/dcheck/object
- `delay` (String) Execution interval of the discovery rule. Accepts seconds, time unit with suffix and user macro.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `iprange` (String) One or several IP ranges to check separated by commas.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `proxy` (String) Name of the proxy used for discovery.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or delete discovery rules.
- `status` (String) Whether the discovery rule is enabled. Possible values: enabled (default) disabled
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `drule` (String) Discovery rule name.
- `druleid` (String) Discovery rule id.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) The result of the operation
