---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_mediatype Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_zabbix_zabbix_mediatype (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the media type.
- `type` (String) Type of the media type. Media types *jabber* and *ez_texting* works only with Zabbix versions 4.2 or older.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attempt_interval` (String) The interval between retry attempts. Possible range is 0-1h.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the media type.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `event_menu` (Boolean) Can be used when *type=webhook*. Includes entry in Event menu with link to created external ticket.
- `event_menu_name` (String) Requred when *event_menu=true*. Event menu entry name.
- `event_menu_url` (String) Requred when *event_menu=true*. Event menu entry underlying URL.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gsm_modem` (String) Serial device name of the gsm modem. Required when *type=sms*.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `max_attempts` (Number) The maximum number of attempts to send an alert. Possible range is 0-10.
- `max_sessions` (Number) The maximum number of alerts that can be processed in parallel. Possible value is 1 when *type=sms* and 0-100 otherwise.
- `message_format` (String) Can be used when *type=email*.
- `message_templates` (String) Default notification messages for the event types.
- `message_text_limit` (String) The message text limit. Required when *type=ez_texting*. 160 characters for USA and 136 characters for Canada.
- `password` (String) Authentication password. Required when *type=jabber* or *type=ez_texting*. Required when *type=email* and *smtp_authentication=true*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `process_tags` (Boolean) Can be used when *type=webhook*. Process returned JSON property values as tags. These tags are added to the already existing (if any) problem event tags in Zabbix.
- `script_name` (String) The name of the executed script. Required when *type=script*.
- `script_params` (String) List of script parameters. Required when *type=script*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `smtp_authentication` (Boolean) Whether SMTP authentication with username and password should be enabled or not. If set to `true`, `username` and `password` should be specified.
- `smtp_email` (String) Email address from which notifications will be sent. Required when *type=email*.
- `smtp_helo` (String) SMTP HELO. Required when *type=email*.
- `smtp_security` (String) SMTP connection security level to use.
- `smtp_server` (String) SMTP server host. Required when *type=email*.
- `smtp_server_port` (Number) SMTP server port. Required when *type=email*.
- `smtp_verify_host` (Boolean) SSL verify host for SMTP. Can be specified when *smtp_security=STARTTLS* or *smtp_security=SSL/TLS*
- `smtp_verify_peer` (Boolean) SSL verify peer for SMTP. Can be specified when *smtp_security=STARTTLS* or *smtp_security=SSL/TLS*
- `state` (String) Desired state of the mediatype. On `present`, it will create a mediatype if it does not exist or update the mediatype if the associated data is different. On `absent`, it will remove the mediatype if it exists.
- `status` (String) Whether the media type is enabled or no.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Username or Jabber identifier. Required when *type=jabber* or *type=ez_texting*. Required when *type=email* and *smtp_authentication=true*.
- `webhook_params` (String) Can be used when *type=webhook*. Webhook variables that are passed to webhook script when executed.
- `webhook_script` (String) Required when *type=webhook*. JavaScript code that will perform webhook operation. This code has access to all parameters in *webhook_params*. It may perform HTTP GET, POST, PUT and DELETE requests and has control over HTTP headers and request body. It may return OK status along with an optional list of tags and tag values or an error string.
- `webhook_timeout` (String) Can be used when *type=webhook*. Execution timeout for JavaScript code in *webhook_script*. Possible values are 1-60s.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
