---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_homectl Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_homectl (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The user name to create, remove, or update.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disksize` (String) The intended home directory disk space. Human readable value such as `10G`, `10M`, or `10B`.
- `email` (String) The email address of the user.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gid` (Number) Sets the gid of the user. If using `uid` homed requires the value to be the same. Only used when a user is first created.
- `homedir` (String) Path to use as home directory for the user. This is the directory the user's home directory is mounted to while the user is logged in. This is not where the user's data is actually stored, see `imagepath` for that. Only used when a user is first created.
- `iconname` (String) The name of an icon picked by the user, for example for the purpose of an avatar. Should follow the semantics defined in the Icon Naming Specification. See https://specifications.freedesktop.org/icon-naming-spec/icon-naming-spec-latest.html for specifics.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `imagepath` (String) Path to place the user's home directory. See https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/homectl.html#--image-path=PATH for more information. Only used when a user is first created.
- `language` (String) The preferred language/locale for the user. This should be in a format compatible with the `LANG` environment variable.
- `location` (String) A free-form location string describing the location of the user.
- `locked` (Boolean) Whether the user account should be locked or not.
- `memberof` (String) String separated by comma each indicating a UNIX group this user shall be a member of. Groups the user should be a member of should be supplied as comma separated list.
- `mountopts` (String) String separated by comma each indicating mount options for a users home directory. Valid options are `nosuid`, `nodev` or `noexec`. Homed by default uses `nodev` and `nosuid` while `noexec` is off.
- `notafter` (Number) A time since the UNIX epoch after which the record should be considered invalid for the purpose of logging in.
- `notbefore` (Number) A time since the UNIX epoch before which the record should be considered invalid for the purpose of logging in.
- `password` (String) Set the user's password to this. Homed requires this value to be in cleartext on user creation and updating a user. The module takes the password and generates a password hash in SHA-512 with 10000 rounds of salt generation using crypt. See https://systemd.io/USER_RECORD/. This is required for `state=present`. When an existing user is updated this is checked against the stored hash in homed.
- `passwordhint` (String) Password hint for the given user.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `realm` (String) The 'realm' a user is defined in.
- `realname` (String) The user's real ('human') name. This can also be used to add a comment to maintain compatibility with `useradd`.
- `resize` (Boolean) When used with `disksize` this attempts to resize the home directory immediately.
- `shell` (String) Shell binary to use for terminal logins of given user. If not specified homed by default uses `/bin/bash`.
- `skeleton` (String) The absolute path to the skeleton directory to populate a new home directory from. This is only used when a home directory is first created. If not specified homed by default uses `/etc/skel`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sshkeys` (String) String separated by comma each listing a SSH public key that is authorized to access the account. The keys should follow the same format as the lines in a traditional `~/.ssh/authorized_key` file.
- `state` (String) The operation to take on the user.
- `storage` (String) Indicates the storage mechanism for the user's home directory. If the storage type is not specified, `homed.conf(5\`) defines which default storage to use. Only used when a user is first created.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timezone` (String) Preferred timezone to use for the user. Should be a tzdata compatible location string such as `America/New_York`.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uid` (Number) Sets the UID of the user. If using `gid` homed requires the value to be the same. Only used when a user is first created.
- `umask` (Number) Sets the umask for the user's login sessions. Value from `0000` to `0777`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) Dictionary returned from `homectl inspect -j`.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
