---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_jenkins_job Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_jenkins_job (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the Jenkins job.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config` (String) Config in XML format. Required if job does not yet exist. Mutually exclusive with `enabled`. Considered if `state=present`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the job should be enabled or disabled. Mutually exclusive with `config`. Considered if `state=present`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) Password to authenticate with the Jenkins server.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Attribute that specifies if the job has to be created or deleted.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) API token used to authenticate alternatively to password.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) URL where the Jenkins server is accessible.
- `user` (String) User to authenticate with the Jenkins server.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If set to `false`, the SSL certificates are not validated. This should only set to `false` used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates as it avoids verifying the source site. The `python-jenkins` library only handles this by using the environment variable `PYTHONHTTPSVERIFY`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
