---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_mysql_mysql_variables Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_mysql_mysql_variables (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `variable` (String) Variable name to operate.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mode` (String) `global` assigns `value` to a global system variable which will be changed at runtime but won't persist across server restarts. `persist` assigns `value` to a global system variable and persists it to the mysqld-auto.cnf option file in the data directory (the variable will survive service restarts). `persist_only` persists `value` to the mysqld-auto.cnf option file in the data directory but without setting the global variable runtime value (the value will be changed after the next service restart). Supported by MySQL 8.0 or later. For more information see https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/set-variable.html.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `value` (String) If set, then sets variable value to this. With boolean values, use `0`|`1` or quoted `"ON"`|`"OFF"`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `queries` (String) List of executed queries which modified DB's state.
