---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_aws_glue_job Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_aws_glue_job (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name you assign to this job definition. It must be unique in your account.
- `state` (String) Create or delete the AWS Glue job.

### Optional

- `allocated_capacity` (Number) The number of AWS Glue data processing units (DPUs) to allocate to this Job. From 2 to 100 DPUs can be allocated; the default is 10. A DPU is a relative measure of processing power that consists of 4 vCPUs of compute capacity and 16 GB of memory.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `command_name` (String) The name of the job command. This must be 'glueetl'.
- `command_python_version` (String) Python version being used to execute a Python shell job. AWS currently supports `'2'` or `'3'`.
- `command_script_location` (String) The S3 path to a script that executes a job. Required when *state=present*.
- `connections` (String) A list of Glue connections used for this job.
- `default_arguments` (String) A dict of default arguments for this job.  You can specify arguments here that your own job-execution script consumes, as well as arguments that AWS Glue itself consumes.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the job being defined.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `glue_version` (String) Glue version determines the versions of Apache Spark and Python that AWS Glue supports.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `max_concurrent_runs` (Number) The maximum number of concurrent runs allowed for the job. The default is 1. An error is returned when this threshold is reached. The maximum value you can specify is controlled by a service limit.
- `max_retries` (Number) The maximum number of times to retry this job if it fails.
- `number_of_workers` (Number) The number of workers of a defined workerType that are allocated when a job runs.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `role` (String) The name or ARN of the IAM role associated with this job. Required when *state=present*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `worker_type` (String) The type of predefined worker that is allocated when a job runs. Support for instance types `G.4X( and C(G.8X` was added in community.aws release 7.2.0.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `command` (String) The JobCommand that executes this job.
- `created_on` (String) The time and date that this job definition was created.
- `execution_property` (String) An ExecutionProperty specifying the maximum number of concurrent runs allowed for this job.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `job_name` (String) The name of the AWS Glue job.
- `last_modified_on` (String) The last point in time when this job definition was modified.
