---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_windows_win_shortcut Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_windows_win_shortcut (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dest` (String) Destination file for the shortcuting file. File name should have a `.lnk` or `.url` extension.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `arguments` (String) Additional arguments for the executable defined in `src`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description for the shortcut. This is usually shown when hoovering the icon.
- `directory` (String) Working directory for executable defined in `src`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hotkey` (String) Key combination for the shortcut. This is a combination of one or more modifiers and a key. Possible modifiers are Alt, Ctrl, Shift, Ext. Possible keys are [A-Z] and [0-9].
- `icon` (String) Icon used for the shortcut. File name should have a `.ico` extension. The file name is followed by a comma and the number in the library file (.dll) or use 0 for an image file.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `run_as_admin` (Boolean) When `src` is an executable, this can control whether the shortcut will be opened as an administrator or not.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `src` (String) Executable or URL the shortcut points to. The executable needs to be in your PATH, or has to be an absolute path to the executable.
- `state` (String) When `absent`, removes the shortcut if it exists. When `present`, creates or updates the shortcut.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `windowstyle` (String) Influences how the application is displayed when it is launched.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
