---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_community_general_ini_file Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_community_general_ini_file (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) Path to the INI-style file; this file is created if required.

### Optional

- `allow_no_value` (Boolean) Allow option without value and without '=' symbol.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file including the timestamp information so you can get the original file back if you somehow clobbered it incorrectly.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `create` (Boolean) If set to `false`, the module fails if the file does not already exist. By default it creates the file if it is missing.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `exclusive` (Boolean) If set to `true` (default), all matching `option` lines are removed when `state=absent`, or replaced when `state=present`. If set to `false`, only the specified `value`/`values` are added when `state=present`, or removed when `state=absent`, and existing ones are not modified.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `follow` (Boolean) This flag indicates that filesystem links, if they exist, should be followed. `follow=true` can modify `path` when combined with parameters such as `mode`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_spaces` (Boolean) Do not change a line if doing so would only add or remove spaces before or after the `=` symbol.
- `modify_inactive_option` (Boolean) By default the module replaces a commented line that matches the given option. Set this option to `false` to avoid this. This is useful when you want to keep commented example `key=value` pairs for documentation purposes.
- `no_extra_spaces` (Boolean) Do not insert spaces before and after '=' symbol.
- `option` (String) If set (required for changing a `value`), this is the name of the option. May be omitted if adding/removing a whole `section`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `section` (String) Section name in INI file. This is added if `state=present` automatically when a single value is being set. If being omitted, the `option` is placed before the first `section`. Omitting `section` is also required if the config format does not support sections.
- `section_has_values` (String) Among possibly multiple sections of the same name, select the first one that contains matching options and values. With `state=present`, if a suitable section is not found, a new section is added, including the required options. With `state=absent`, at most one `section` is removed if it contains the values.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If set to `absent` and `exclusive` set to `true` all matching `option` lines are removed. If set to `absent` and `exclusive` set to `false` the specified `option=value` lines are removed, but the other `option`s with the same name are not touched. If set to `present` and `exclusive` set to `false` the specified `option=values` lines are added, but the other `option`s with the same name are not touched. If set to `present` and `exclusive` set to `true` all given `option=values` lines are added and the other `option`s with the same name are removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `value` (String) The string value to be associated with an `option`. May be omitted when removing an `option`. Mutually exclusive with `values`. `value=v` is equivalent to `values=[v]`.
- `values` (String) The string value to be associated with an `option`. May be omitted when removing an `option`. Mutually exclusive with `value`. `value=v` is equivalent to `values=[v]`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
