---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_containers_podman_podman_system_connection Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_containers_podman_podman_system_connection (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the connection

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `default` (Boolean) Make this connection the default for this user
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `destination` (String) Destination for the connection. Required when *state=present*. Can be in the format `[user@]hostname[:port]`, `ssh://[user@]hostname[:port]`, `unix://path`, `tcp://hostname:port`
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) Path to `podman` executable if it is not in the `$PATH` on the machine running `podman`
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `identity` (String) Path to SSH identity file
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `new_name` (String) New name for the connection when renaming (used with *state=present*)
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) SSH port (default is 22)
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `socket_path` (String) Path to the Podman service unix domain socket on the ssh destination host
- `state` (String) State of the connection
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `actions` (String) Actions performed on the connection
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `connection` (String) Connection information in podman JSON format
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
