---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_containers_podman_podman_play Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_containers_podman_podman_play (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) Start the pod after creating it, or to leave it created only.

### Optional

- `annotation` (String) Add an annotation to the container or pod.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authfile` (String) Path of the authentication file. Default is ${XDG_RUNTIME_DIR}/containers/auth.json, which is set using podman login. If the authorization state is not found there, $HOME/.docker/config.json is checked, which is set using docker login. Note - You can also override the default path of the authentication file by setting the REGISTRY_AUTH_FILE environment variable. export REGISTRY_AUTH_FILE=path
- `build` (Boolean) Build images even if they are found in the local storage. It is required to exist subdirectories matching the image names to be build.
- `cert_dir` (String) Use certificates at path (*.crt, *.cert, *.key) to connect to the registry. Default certificates directory is /etc/containers/certs.d. (This option is not available with the remote Podman client)
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `configmap` (String) Use Kubernetes configmap YAML at path to provide a source for environment variable values within the containers of the pod. Note - The configmap option can be used multiple times to pass multiple Kubernetes configmap YAMLs
- `context_dir` (String) Use path as the build context directory for each image. Requires build option be true.
- `debug` (Boolean) Enable debug for the module.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) Name of executable to run, by default 'podman'
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `kube_file` (String) Path to file with YAML configuration for a Pod.
- `kube_file_content` (String) Content of the kube file.
- `log_driver` (String) Set logging driver for all created containers.
- `log_level` (String) Set logging level for podman calls. Log messages above specified level ("debug"|"info"|"warn"|"error"|"fatal"|"panic") (default "error")
- `log_opt` (String) Logging driver specific options. Set custom logging configuration.
- `network` (String) List of the names of CNI networks the pod should join.
- `password` (String) The username and password to use to authenticate with the registry if required.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `quadlet_dir` (String) Path to the directory to write quadlet file in. By default, it will be set as `/etc/containers/systemd/` for root user, `~/.config/containers/systemd/` for non-root users.
- `quadlet_file_mode` (String) The permissions of the quadlet file. The `quadlet_file_mode` can be specied as octal numbers or as a symbolic mode (for example, `u+rwx` or `u=rw,g=r,o=r`). For octal numbers format, you must either add a leading zero so that Ansible's YAML parser knows it is an octal number (like `0644` or `01777`) or quote it (like `'644'` or `'1777'`) so Ansible receives a string and can do its own conversion from string into number. Giving Ansible a number without following one of these rules will end up with a decimal number which will have unexpected results. If `quadlet_file_mode` is not specified and the quadlet file **does not** exist, the default `'0640'` mask will be used when setting the mode for the newly created file. If `quadlet_file_mode` is not specified and the quadlet file **does** exist, the mode of the existing file will be used. Specifying `quadlet_file_mode` is the best way to ensure files are created with the correct permissions.
- `quadlet_filename` (String) Name of quadlet file to write. Must be specified if state is quadlet.
- `quadlet_options` (String) Options for the quadlet file. Provide missing in usual network args options as a list of lines to add.
- `quiet` (Boolean) Hide image pulls logs from output.
- `recreate` (Boolean) If pod already exists, delete it and run the new one.
- `seccomp_profile_root` (String) Directory path for seccomp profiles (default is "/var/lib/kubelet/seccomp"). This option is not available with the remote Podman client
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tls_verify` (Boolean) Require HTTPS and verify certificates when contacting registries (default is true). If explicitly set to true, then TLS verification will be used. If set to false, then TLS verification will not be used. If not specified, TLS verification will be used unless the target registry is listed as an insecure registry in registries.conf.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) The username and password to use to authenticate with the registry if required.
- `userns` (String) Set the user namespace mode for all the containers in a pod. It defaults to the PODMAN_USERNS environment variable. An empty value ("") means user namespaces are disabled.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
