---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_containers_podman_podman_login Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_containers_podman_podman_login (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authfile` (String) Path of the authentication file. Default is ``${XDG_RUNTIME_DIR}/containers/auth.json`` You can also override the default path of the authentication file by setting the ``REGISTRY_AUTH_FILE`` environment variable. ``export REGISTRY_AUTH_FILE=path``
- `certdir` (String) Use certificates at path (*.crt, *.cert, *.key) to connect to the registry.  Default certificates directory is /etc/containers/certs.d.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) Path to `podman` executable if it is not in the `$PATH` on the machine running `podman`
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) Password for the registry server.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `registry` (String) Registry server. If the registry is not specified, the first registry under `[registries.search]` from `registries.conf` will be used.
- `secret` (String) Name of an existing `podman` secret to use for authentication to target registry
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tlsverify` (Boolean) Require HTTPS and verify certificates when contacting registries.  If explicitly set to true, then TLS verification will be used. If set to false, then TLS verification will not be used.  If not specified, TLS verification will be used unless the target registry is listed as an insecure registry in registries.conf.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Username for the registry server.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
