---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_containers_podman_podman_network Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_containers_podman_podman_network (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the network

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `debug` (Boolean) Return additional information which can be helpful for investigations.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disable_dns` (Boolean) disable dns plugin (default "false")
- `dns` (String) Set network-scoped DNS resolver/nameserver for containers in this network. If not set, the host servers from /etc/resolv.conf is used.
- `driver` (String) Driver to manage the network (default "bridge")
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) Path to `podman` executable if it is not in the `$PATH` on the machine running `podman`
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Remove all containers that use the network. If the container is running, it is stopped and removed.
- `gateway` (String) IPv4 or IPv6 gateway for the subnet
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interface_name` (String) For bridge, it uses the bridge interface name. For macvlan, it is the parent device on the host (it is the same as 'opt.parent')
- `internal` (Boolean) Restrict external access from this network (default "false")
- `ip_range` (String) Allocate container IP from range
- `ipam_driver` (String) Set the ipam driver (IP Address Management Driver) for the network. When unset podman chooses an ipam driver automatically based on the network driver
- `ipv6` (Boolean) Enable IPv6 (Dual Stack) networking. You must pass a IPv6 subnet. The subnet option must be used with the ipv6 option. Idempotency is not supported because it generates subnets randomly.
- `macvlan` (String) Create a Macvlan connection based on this device
- `net_config` (String) List of dictionaries with network configuration. Each dictionary should contain 'subnet' and 'gateway' keys. 'ip_range' is optional.
- `opt` (String) Add network options. Currently 'vlan' and 'mtu' are supported.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `quadlet_dir` (String) Path to the directory to write quadlet file in. By default, it will be set as `/etc/containers/systemd/` for root user, `~/.config/containers/systemd/` for non-root users.
- `quadlet_file_mode` (String) The permissions of the quadlet file. The `quadlet_file_mode` can be specied as octal numbers or as a symbolic mode (for example, `u+rwx` or `u=rw,g=r,o=r`). For octal numbers format, you must either add a leading zero so that Ansible's YAML parser knows it is an octal number (like `0644` or `01777`) or quote it (like `'644'` or `'1777'`) so Ansible receives a string and can do its own conversion from string into number. Giving Ansible a number without following one of these rules will end up with a decimal number which will have unexpected results. If `quadlet_file_mode` is not specified and the quadlet file **does not** exist, the default `'0640'` mask will be used when setting the mode for the newly created file. If `quadlet_file_mode` is not specified and the quadlet file **does** exist, the mode of the existing file will be used. Specifying `quadlet_file_mode` is the best way to ensure files are created with the correct permissions.
- `quadlet_filename` (String) Name of quadlet file to write. By default it takes *name* value.
- `quadlet_options` (String) Options for the quadlet file. Provide missing in usual network args options as a list of lines to add.
- `recreate` (Boolean) Recreate network even if exists.
- `route` (String) A static route in the format <destination in CIDR notation>,<gateway>,<route metric (optional)>. This route will be added to every container in this network.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of network, default 'present'
- `subnet` (String) Subnet in CIDR format
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `network` (String) Facts from created or updated networks
