---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_containers_podman_podman_container_exec Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_containers_podman_podman_container_exec (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the container where the command is executed.

### Optional

- `argv` (String) Passes the command as a list rather than a string. One of the *command* or *args* is required.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `command` (String) The command to run in the container. One of the *command* or *args* is required.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `detach` (Boolean) If true, the command runs in the background. The exec session is automatically removed when it completes.
- `env` (String) Set environment variables.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) The path to the podman executable.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `privileged` (Boolean) Give extended privileges to the container.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `tty` (Boolean) Allocate a pseudo-TTY.
- `user` (String) The username or UID used and, optionally, the groupname or GID for the specified command. Both user and group may be symbolic or numeric.
- `workdir` (String) Working directory inside the container.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `exec_id` (String) The ID of the exec session.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `rc` (Number) The exit code of the command executed in the container.
- `stderr` (String) The standard output of the command executed in the container.
- `stdout` (String) The standard output of the command executed in the container.
