---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_containers_podman_podman_pod Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_containers_podman_podman_pod (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Assign a name to the pod.

### Optional

- `add_host` (String) Add a host to the /etc/hosts file shared between all containers in the pod.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `blkio_weight` (String) Block IO relative weight. The weight is a value between 10 and 1000. This option is not supported on cgroups V1 rootless systems.
- `blkio_weight_device` (String) Block IO relative device weight.
- `cgroup_parent` (String) Path to cgroups under which the cgroup for the pod will be created. If the path is not absolute, he path is considered to be relative to the cgroups path of the init process. Cgroups will be created if they do not already exist.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cpu_shares` (String) CPU shares (relative weight).
- `cpus` (String) Set the total number of CPUs delegated to the pod. Default is 0.000 which indicates that there is no limit on computation power.
- `cpuset_cpus` (String) Limit the CPUs to support execution. First CPU is numbered 0. Unlike `cpus` this is of type string and parsed as a list of numbers. Format is 0-3,0,1
- `cpuset_mems` (String) Memory nodes in which to allow execution (0-3, 0,1). Only effective on NUMA systems.
- `debug` (Boolean) Return additional information which can be helpful for investigations.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device` (String) Add a host device to the pod. Optional permissions parameter can be used to specify device permissions. It is a combination of r for read, w for write, and m for mknod(2)
- `device_read_bps` (String) Limit read rate (bytes per second) from a device (e.g. device-read-bps=/dev/sda:1mb)
- `device_write_bps` (String) Limit write rate (in bytes per second) to a device.
- `dns` (String) Set custom DNS servers in the /etc/resolv.conf file that will be shared between all containers in the pod. A special option, "none" is allowed which disables creation of /etc/resolv.conf for the pod.
- `dns_opt` (String) Set custom DNS options in the /etc/resolv.conf file that will be shared between all containers in the pod.
- `dns_search` (String) Set custom DNS search domains in the /etc/resolv.conf file that will be shared between all containers in the pod.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) Path to `podman` executable if it is not in the `$PATH` on the machine running `podman`
- `exit_policy` (String) Set the exit policy of the pod when the last container exits. Supported policies are stop and continue
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `generate_systemd` (String) Generate systemd unit file for container.
- `gidmap` (String) GID map for the user namespace. Using this flag will run the container with user namespace enabled. It conflicts with the `userns` and `subgidname` flags.
- `gpus` (String) GPU devices to add to the container ('all' to pass all GPUs).
- `hostname` (String) Set a hostname to the pod
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `infra` (Boolean) Create an infra container and associate it with the pod. An infra container is a lightweight container used to coordinate the shared kernel namespace of a pod. Default is true.
- `infra_command` (String) The command that will be run to start the infra container. Default is "/pause".
- `infra_conmon_pidfile` (String) Write the pid of the infra container's conmon process to a file. As conmon runs in a separate process than Podman, this is necessary when using systemd to manage Podman containers and pods.
- `infra_image` (String) The image that will be created for the infra container. Default is "k8s.gcr.io/pause:3.1".
- `infra_name` (String) The name that will be used for the pod's infra container.
- `ip` (String) Set a static IP for the pod's shared network.
- `ip6` (String) Set a static IPv6 for the pod's shared network.
- `label` (String) Add metadata to a pod, pass dictionary of label keys and values.
- `label_file` (String) Read in a line delimited file of labels.
- `mac_address` (String) Set a static MAC address for the pod's shared network.
- `memory` (String) Set memory limit. A unit can be b (bytes), k (kibibytes), m (mebibytes), or g (gibibytes).
- `memory_swap` (String) Set limit value equal to memory plus swap. A unit can be b (bytes), k (kibibytes), m (mebibytes), or g (gibibytes).
- `network` (String) Set network mode for the pod. Supported values are bridge (the default), host (do not create a network namespace, all containers in the pod will use the host's network), or a list of names of CNI networks to join.
- `network_alias` (String) Add a network-scoped alias for the pod, setting the alias for all networks that the pod joins. To set a name only for a specific network, use the alias option as described under the -`network` option. Network aliases work only with the bridge networking mode. This option can be specified multiple times.
- `no_hosts` (Boolean) Disable creation of /etc/hosts for the pod.
- `pid` (String) Set the PID mode for the pod. The default is to create a private PID namespace for the pod. Requires the PID namespace to be shared via `share` option.
- `pod_id_file` (String) Write the pod ID to the file.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `publish` (String) Publish a port or range of ports from the pod to the host.
- `quadlet_dir` (String) Path to the directory to write quadlet file in. By default, it will be set as `/etc/containers/systemd/` for root user, `~/.config/containers/systemd/` for non-root users.
- `quadlet_file_mode` (String) The permissions of the quadlet file. The `quadlet_file_mode` can be specied as octal numbers or as a symbolic mode (for example, `u+rwx` or `u=rw,g=r,o=r`). For octal numbers format, you must either add a leading zero so that Ansible's YAML parser knows it is an octal number (like `0644` or `01777`) or quote it (like `'644'` or `'1777'`) so Ansible receives a string and can do its own conversion from string into number. Giving Ansible a number without following one of these rules will end up with a decimal number which will have unexpected results. If `quadlet_file_mode` is not specified and the quadlet file **does not** exist, the default `umask` on the system will be used when setting the mode for the newly created file. If `quadlet_file_mode` is not specified and the quadlet file **does** exist, the mode of the existing file will be used. Specifying `quadlet_file_mode` is the best way to ensure files are created with the correct permissions.
- `quadlet_filename` (String) Name of quadlet file to write. By default it takes *name* value.
- `quadlet_options` (String) Options for the quadlet file. Provide missing in usual container args options as a list of lines to add.
- `recreate` (Boolean) Use with present and started states to force the re-creation of an existing pod.
- `restart_policy` (String) Restart policy to follow when containers exit.
- `security_opt` (String) Security options for the pod.
- `share` (String) A comma delimited list of kernel namespaces to share. If none or "" is specified, no namespaces will be shared. The namespaces to choose from are ipc, net, pid, user, uts.
- `share_parent` (Boolean) This boolean determines whether or not all containers entering the pod use the pod as their cgroup parent. The default value of this option in Podman is true.
- `shm_size` (String) Set the size of the /dev/shm shared memory space. A unit can be b (bytes), k (kibibytes), m (mebibytes), or g (gibibytes). If the unit is omitted, the system uses bytes. If the size is omitted, the default is 64m. When size is 0, there is no limit on the amount of memory used for IPC by the pod.
- `shm_size_systemd` (String) Size of systemd-specific tmpfs mounts such as /run, /run/lock, /var/log/journal and /tmp. A unit can be b (bytes), k (kibibytes), m (mebibytes), or g (gibibytes). If the unit is omitted, the system uses bytes. If the size is omitted, the default is 64m. When size is 0, the usage is limited to 50 percents of the host's available memory.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) This variable is set for state
- `subgidname` (String) Name for GID map from the /etc/subgid file. Using this flag will run the container with user namespace enabled. This flag conflicts with `userns` and `gidmap`.
- `subuidname` (String) Name for UID map from the /etc/subuid file. Using this flag will run the container with user namespace enabled. This flag conflicts with `userns` and `uidmap`.
- `sysctl` (String) Set kernel parameters for the pod.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uidmap` (String) Run the container in a new user namespace using the supplied mapping. This option conflicts with the `userns` and `subuidname` options. This option provides a way to map host UIDs to container UIDs. It can be passed several times to map different ranges.
- `userns` (String) Set the user namespace mode for all the containers in a pod. It defaults to the PODMAN_USERNS environment variable. An empty value ("") means user namespaces are disabled.
- `uts` (String) Set the UTS namespace mode for the pod.
- `volume` (String) Create a bind mount.
- `volumes_from` (String) Mount volumes from the specified container.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `pod` (String) Pod inspection results for the given pod built.
