---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_containers_podman_podman_generate_systemd Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_containers_podman_podman_generate_systemd (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the pod or container to export

### Optional

- `after` (String) Add the systemd unit after (`After=`) option, that ordering dependencies between the list of dependencies and this service. This option may be specified more than once. User-defined dependencies will be appended to the generated unit file But any existing options such as needed or defined by default (e.g. `online.target`) will not be removed or overridden. Only with Podman 4.0.0 and above
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `container_prefix` (String) Set the systemd unit name prefix for containers. If not set, use the default defined by podman, `container`. Refer to podman-generate-systemd(1) man page for more information.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dest` (String) Destination of the generated systemd unit file(s). Use `/etc/systemd/system` for the system-wide systemd instance. Use `/etc/systemd/user` or `~/.config/systemd/user` for use with per-user instances of systemd.
- `env` (String) Set environment variables to the systemd unit files. Keys are the environment variable names, and values are the environment variable values Only with Podman 4.3.0 and above
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) `Podman` executable name or full path
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Replace the systemd unit file(s) even if it already exists. This works with dest option.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `new` (Boolean) Generate unit files that create containers and pods, not only start them. Refer to podman-generate-systemd(1) man page for more information.
- `no_header` (Boolean) Do not generate the header including meta data such as the Podman version and the timestamp.
- `pod_prefix` (String) Set the systemd unit name prefix for pods. If not set, use the default defined by podman, `pod`. Refer to podman-generate-systemd(1) man page for more information.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `requires` (String) Set the systemd unit requires (Requires=) option. Similar to wants, but declares a stronger requirement dependency. Only with Podman 4.0.0 and above
- `restart_policy` (String) Restart policy of the service
- `restart_sec` (Number) Configures the time to sleep before restarting a service (as configured with restart-policy). Takes a value in seconds. Only with Podman 4.0.0 and above
- `separator` (String) Systemd unit name separator between the name/id of a container/pod and the prefix. If not set, use the default defined by podman, `-`. Refer to podman-generate-systemd(1) man page for more information.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `start_timeout` (Number) Override the default start timeout for the container with the given value in seconds. Only with Podman 4.0.0 and above
- `stop_timeout` (Number) Override the default stop timeout for the container with the given value in seconds.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_names` (Boolean) Use name of the containers for the start, stop, and description in the unit file.
- `wants` (String) Add the systemd unit wants (`Wants=`) option, that this service is (weak) dependent on. This option may be specified more than once. This option does not influence the order in which services are started or stopped. User-defined dependencies will be appended to the generated unit file But any existing options such as needed or defined by default (e.g. `online.target`) will not be removed or overridden. Only with Podman 4.0.0 and above

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `podman_command` (String) A copy of the podman command used to generate the systemd unit(s)
- `systemd_units` (String) A copy of the generated systemd .service unit(s)
