---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_containers_podman_podman_logout Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_containers_podman_podman_logout (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `all` (Boolean) Remove the cached credentials for all registries in the auth file.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authfile` (String) Path of the authentication file. Default is ``${XDG_RUNTIME_DIR}/containers/auth.json`` You can also override the default path of the authentication file by setting the ``REGISTRY_AUTH_FILE`` environment variable. ``export REGISTRY_AUTH_FILE=path``
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) Path to `podman` executable if it is not in the `$PATH` on the machine running `podman`
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_docker_credentials` (Boolean) Credentials created using other tools such as `docker login` are not removed unless the corresponding `authfile` is explicitly specified. Since podman also uses existing credentials in these files by default (for docker e.g. `${HOME}/.docker/config.json`), module execution will fail if a docker login exists for the registry specified in any `authfile` is used by podman. This can be ignored by setting `ignore_docker_credentials` to `true` - the credentials will be kept and `changed` will be false. This option cannot be used together with `all` since in this case podman will not check for existing `authfiles` created by other tools.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `registry` (String) Registry server. If the registry is not specified, the first registry under `[registries.search]` from `registries.conf` will be used.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
