---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_containers_podman_podman_container Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_containers_podman_podman_container (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the container

### Optional

- `annotation` (String) Add an annotation to the container. The format is key value, multiple times.
- `arch` (String) Set the architecture for the container. Override the architecture, defaults to hosts, of the image to be pulled. For example, arm.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attach` (String) Attach to STDIN, STDOUT or STDERR. The default in Podman is false.
- `authfile` (String) Path of the authentication file. Default is ``${XDG_RUNTIME_DIR}/containers/auth.json`` (Not available for remote commands) You can also override the default path of the authentication file by setting the ``REGISTRY_AUTH_FILE`` environment variable. ``export REGISTRY_AUTH_FILE=path``
- `blkio_weight` (Number) Block IO weight (relative weight) accepts a weight value between 10 and 1000
- `blkio_weight_device` (String) Block IO weight (relative device weight, format DEVICE_NAME[:]WEIGHT).
- `cap_add` (String) List of capabilities to add to the container.
- `cap_drop` (String) List of capabilities to drop from the container.
- `cgroup_conf` (String) When running on cgroup v2, specify the cgroup file to write to and its value.
- `cgroup_parent` (String) Path to cgroups under which the cgroup for the container will be created. If the path is not absolute, the path is considered to be relative to the cgroups path of the init process. Cgroups will be created if they do not already exist.
- `cgroupns` (String) Path to cgroups under which the cgroup for the container will be created.
- `cgroups` (String) Determines whether the container will create CGroups. Valid values are enabled and disabled, which the default being enabled. The disabled option will force the container to not create CGroups, and thus conflicts with CGroup options cgroupns and cgroup-parent.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chrootdirs` (String) Path to a directory inside the container that is treated as a chroot directory.
- `cidfile` (String) Write the container ID to the file
- `cmd_args` (String) Any additional command options you want to pass to podman command itself, for example `--log-level=debug` or `--syslog`. This is NOT command to run in container, but rather options for podman itself. For container command please use *command* option.
- `command` (String) Override command of container. Can be a string or a list.
- `conmon_pidfile` (String) Write the pid of the conmon process to a file. conmon runs in a separate process than Podman, so this is necessary when using systemd to restart Podman containers.
- `cpu_period` (Number) Limit the CPU CFS (Completely Fair Scheduler) period
- `cpu_quota` (Number) Limit the CPU CFS (Completely Fair Scheduler) quota
- `cpu_rt_period` (Number) Limit the CPU real-time period in microseconds. Limit the container's Real Time CPU usage. This flag tell the kernel to restrict the container's Real Time CPU usage to the period you specify.
- `cpu_rt_runtime` (Number) Limit the CPU real-time runtime in microseconds. This flag tells the kernel to limit the amount of time in a given CPU period Real Time tasks may consume.
- `cpu_shares` (Number) CPU shares (relative weight)
- `cpus` (String) Number of CPUs. The default is 0.0 which means no limit.
- `cpuset_cpus` (String) CPUs in which to allow execution (0-3, 0,1)
- `cpuset_mems` (String) Memory nodes (MEMs) in which to allow execution (0-3, 0,1). Only effective on NUMA systems.
- `debug` (Boolean) Return additional information which can be helpful for investigations.
- `decryption_key` (String) The "key-passphrase" to be used for decryption of images. Key can point to keys and/or certificates.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_depend` (Boolean) Remove selected container and recursively remove all containers that depend on it. Applies to "delete" command.
- `delete_time` (String) Seconds to wait before forcibly stopping the container. Use -1 for infinite wait. Applies to "delete" command.
- `delete_volumes` (Boolean) Remove anonymous volumes associated with the container. This does not include named volumes created with podman volume create, or the --volume option of podman run and podman create.
- `detach` (Boolean) Run container in detach mode
- `detach_keys` (String) Override the key sequence for detaching a container. Format is a single character or ctrl-value
- `device` (String) Add a host device to the container. The format is <device-on-host>[:<device-on-container>][:<permissions>] (e.g. device /dev/sdc:/dev/xvdc:rwm)
- `device_cgroup_rule` (String) Add a rule to the cgroup allowed devices list. The rule is expected to be in the format specified in the Linux kernel documentation admin-guide/cgroup-v1/devices.
- `device_read_bps` (String) Limit read rate (bytes per second) from a device (e.g. device-read-bps /dev/sda:1mb)
- `device_read_iops` (String) Limit read rate (IO per second) from a device (e.g. device-read-iops /dev/sda:1000)
- `device_write_bps` (String) Limit write rate (bytes per second) to a device (e.g. device-write-bps /dev/sda:1mb)
- `device_write_iops` (String) Limit write rate (IO per second) to a device (e.g. device-write-iops /dev/sda:1000)
- `dns` (String) Set custom DNS servers
- `dns_option` (String) Set custom DNS options
- `dns_search` (String) Set custom DNS search domains (Use dns_search with '' if you don't wish to set the search domain)
- `entrypoint` (String) Overwrite the default ENTRYPOINT of the image
- `env` (String) Set environment variables. This option allows you to specify arbitrary environment variables that are available for the process that will be launched inside of the container.
- `env_file` (String) Read in a line delimited file of environment variables. Doesn't support idempotency. If users changes the file with environment variables it's on them to recreate the container. The file must be present on the REMOTE machine where actual podman is running, not on the controller machine where Ansible is executing. If you need to copy the file from controller to remote machine, use the copy or slurp module.
- `env_host` (Boolean) Use all current host environment variables in container. Defaults to false.
- `env_merge` (String) Preprocess default environment variables for the containers
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `etc_hosts` (String) Dict of host-to-IP mappings, where each host name is a key in the dictionary. Each host name will be added to the container's ``/etc/hosts`` file.
- `executable` (String) Path to `podman` executable if it is not in the `$PATH` on the machine running `podman`
- `expose` (String) Expose a port, or a range of ports (e.g. expose "3300-3310") to set up port redirection on the host system.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_delete` (Boolean) Force deletion of container when it's being deleted.
- `force_restart` (Boolean) Force restart of container.
- `generate_systemd` (String) Generate systemd unit file for container.
- `gidmap` (String) Run the container in a new user namespace using the supplied mapping.
- `gpus` (String) GPU devices to add to the container.
- `group_add` (String) Add additional groups to run as
- `group_entry` (String) Customize the entry that is written to the /etc/group file within the container when --user is used.
- `health_startup_cmd` (String) Set a startup healthcheck command for a container.
- `health_startup_interval` (String) Set an interval for the startup healthcheck.
- `health_startup_retries` (Number) The number of attempts allowed before the startup healthcheck restarts the container. If set to 0, the container is never restarted. The default is 0.
- `health_startup_success` (Number) The number of successful runs required before the startup healthcheck succeeds and the regular healthcheck begins. A value of 0 means that any success begins the regular healthcheck. The default is 0.
- `health_startup_timeout` (String) The maximum time a startup healthcheck command has to complete before it is marked as failed.
- `healthcheck` (String) Set or alter a healthcheck command for a container.
- `healthcheck_failure_action` (String) The action to be taken when the container is considered unhealthy. The action must be one of "none", "kill", "restart", or "stop". The default policy is "none".
- `healthcheck_interval` (String) Set an interval for the healthchecks (a value of disable results in no automatic timer setup) (default "30s")
- `healthcheck_retries` (Number) The number of retries allowed before a healthcheck is considered to be unhealthy. The default value is 3.
- `healthcheck_start_period` (String) The initialization time needed for a container to bootstrap. The value can be expressed in time format like 2m3s. The default value is 0s
- `healthcheck_timeout` (String) The maximum time allowed to complete the healthcheck before an interval is considered failed. Like start-period, the value can be expressed in a time format such as 1m22s. The default value is 30s
- `hooks_dir` (String) Each .json file in the path configures a hook for Podman containers. For more details on the syntax of the JSON files and the semantics of hook injection, see oci-hooks(5). Can be set multiple times.
- `hostname` (String) Container host name. Sets the container host name that is available inside the container.
- `hostuser` (String) Add a user account to /etc/passwd from the host to the container. The Username or UID must exist on the host system.
- `http_proxy` (Boolean) By default proxy environment variables are passed into the container if set for the podman process. This can be disabled by setting the http_proxy option to false. The environment variables passed in include http_proxy, https_proxy, ftp_proxy, no_proxy, and also the upper case versions of those. Defaults to true
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `image` (String) Repository path (or image name) and tag used to create the container. If an image is not found, the image will be pulled from the registry. If no tag is included, `latest` will be used. Can also be an image ID. If this is the case, the image is assumed to be available locally.
- `image_strict` (Boolean) Whether to compare images in idempotency by taking into account a full name with registry and namespaces.
- `image_volume` (String) Tells podman how to handle the builtin image volumes. The options are bind, tmpfs, or ignore (default bind)
- `init` (Boolean) Run an init inside the container that forwards signals and reaps processes. The default is false.
- `init_ctr` (String) (Pods only). When using pods, create an init style container, which is run after the infra container is started but before regular pod containers are started.
- `init_path` (String) Path to the container-init binary.
- `interactive` (Boolean) Keep STDIN open even if not attached. The default is false. When set to true, keep stdin open even if not attached. The default is false.
- `ip` (String) Specify a static IP address for the container, for example '10.88.64.128'. Can only be used if no additional CNI networks to join were specified via 'network:', and if the container is not joining another container's network namespace via 'network container:<name|id>'. The address must be within the default CNI network's pool (default 10.88.0.0/16).
- `ip6` (String) Specify a static IPv6 address for the container
- `ipc` (String) Default is to create a private IPC namespace (POSIX SysV IPC) for the container
- `kernel_memory` (String) Kernel memory limit (format <number>[<unit>], where unit = b, k, m or g) Note - idempotency is supported for integers only.
- `label` (String) Add metadata to a container, pass dictionary of label names and values
- `label_file` (String) Read in a line delimited file of labels
- `log_driver` (String) Logging driver. Used to set the log driver for the container. For example log_driver "k8s-file".
- `log_level` (String) Logging level for Podman. Log messages above specified level ("debug"|"info"|"warn"|"error"|"fatal"|"panic") (default "error")
- `log_opt` (String) Logging driver specific options. Used to set the path to the container log file.
- `mac_address` (String) Specify a MAC address for the container, for example '92:d0:c6:0a:29:33'. Don't forget that it must be unique within one Ethernet network.
- `memory` (String) Memory limit (format 10k, where unit = b, k, m or g) Note - idempotency is supported for integers only.
- `memory_reservation` (String) Memory soft limit (format 100m, where unit = b, k, m or g) Note - idempotency is supported for integers only.
- `memory_swap` (String) A limit value equal to memory plus swap. Must be used with the -m (--memory) flag. The swap LIMIT should always be larger than -m (--memory) value. By default, the swap LIMIT will be set to double the value of --memory Note - idempotency is supported for integers only.
- `memory_swappiness` (Number) Tune a container's memory swappiness behavior. Accepts an integer between 0 and 100.
- `mount` (String) Attach a filesystem mount to the container. bind or tmpfs For example mount "type=bind,source=/path/on/host,destination=/path/in/container"
- `network` (String) Set the Network mode for the container. *bridge* - create a network stack on the default bridge. *none* - no networking. *container:<name|id>* - reuse another container's network stack. *host* - use the podman host network stack. *<network-name>|<network-id>* - connect to a user-defined network. *ns:<path>* - path to a network namespace to join. *slirp4netns* - use slirp4netns to create a user network stack. This is the default for rootless containers.
- `network_aliases` (String) Add network-scoped alias for the container. A container will only have access to aliases on the first network that it joins. This is a limitation that will be removed in a later release.
- `no_healthcheck` (Boolean) Disable any defined healthchecks for container.
- `no_hosts` (Boolean) Do not create /etc/hosts for the container Default is false.
- `oom_kill_disable` (Boolean) Whether to disable OOM Killer for the container or not. Default is false.
- `oom_score_adj` (Number) Tune the host's OOM preferences for containers (accepts -1000 to 1000)
- `os` (String) Override the OS, defaults to hosts, of the image to be pulled. For example, windows.
- `passwd` (Boolean) Allow Podman to add entries to /etc/passwd and /etc/group when used in conjunction with the --user option. This is used to override the Podman provided user setup in favor of entrypoint configurations such as libnss-extrausers.
- `passwd_entry` (String) Customize the entry that is written to the /etc/passwd file within the container when --passwd is used.
- `personality` (String) Personality sets the execution domain via Linux personality(2).
- `pid` (String) Set the PID mode for the container
- `pid_file` (String) When the pidfile location is specified, the container process' PID is written to the pidfile.
- `pids_limit` (String) Tune the container's PIDs limit. Set -1 to have unlimited PIDs for the container.
- `platform` (String) Specify the platform for selecting the image.
- `pod` (String) Run container in an existing pod. If you want podman to make the pod for you, prefix the pod name with "new:"
- `pod_id_file` (String) Run container in an existing pod and read the pod's ID from the specified file. When a container is run within a pod which has an infra-container, the infra-container starts first.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `preserve_fd` (String) Pass down to the process the additional file descriptors specified in the comma separated list.
- `preserve_fds` (String) Pass down to the process N additional file descriptors (in addition to 0, 1, 2). The total FDs are 3\+N.
- `privileged` (Boolean) Give extended privileges to this container. The default is false.
- `publish` (String) Publish a container's port, or range of ports, to the host. Format - ip:hostPort:containerPort | ip::containerPort | hostPort:containerPort | containerPort In case of only containerPort is set, the hostPort will chosen randomly by Podman.
- `publish_all` (Boolean) Publish all exposed ports to random ports on the host interfaces. The default is false.
- `pull` (String) Pull image policy. The default is 'missing'.
- `quadlet_dir` (String) Path to the directory to write quadlet file in. By default, it will be set as `/etc/containers/systemd/` for root user, `~/.config/containers/systemd/` for non-root users.
- `quadlet_file_mode` (String) The permissions of the quadlet file. The `quadlet_file_mode` can be specied as octal numbers or as a symbolic mode (for example, `u+rwx` or `u=rw,g=r,o=r`). For octal numbers format, you must either add a leading zero so that Ansible's YAML parser knows it is an octal number (like `0644` or `01777`) or quote it (like `'644'` or `'1777'`) so Ansible receives a string and can do its own conversion from string into number. Giving Ansible a number without following one of these rules will end up with a decimal number which will have unexpected results. If `quadlet_file_mode` is not specified and the quadlet file **does not** exist, the default `'0640'` mask will be used when setting the mode for the newly created file. If `quadlet_file_mode` is not specified and the quadlet file **does** exist, the mode of the existing file will be used. Specifying `quadlet_file_mode` is the best way to ensure files are created with the correct permissions.
- `quadlet_filename` (String) Name of quadlet file to write. By default it takes `name` value.
- `quadlet_options` (String) Options for the quadlet file. Provide missing in usual container args options as a list of lines to add.
- `rdt_class` (String) Rdt-class sets the class of service (CLOS or COS) for the container to run in. Requires root.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Mount the container's root filesystem as read only. Default is false
- `read_only_tmpfs` (Boolean) If container is running in --read-only mode, then mount a read-write tmpfs on /run, /tmp, and /var/tmp. The default is true
- `recreate` (Boolean) Use with present and started states to force the re-creation of an existing container.
- `requires` (String) Specify one or more requirements. A requirement is a dependency container that will be started before this container. Containers can be specified by name or ID.
- `restart_policy` (String) Restart policy to follow when containers exit. Restart policy will not take effect if a container is stopped via the podman kill or podman stop commands. Valid values are * no - Do not restart containers on exit * on-failure[:max_retries] - Restart containers when they exit with a non-0 exit code, retrying indefinitely or until the optional max_retries count is hit * always - Restart containers when they exit, regardless of status, retrying indefinitely
- `restart_time` (String) Seconds to wait before forcibly stopping the container when restarting. Use -1 for infinite wait. Applies to "restarted" status.
- `retry` (Number) Number of times to retry pulling or pushing images between the registry and local storage in case of failure. Default is 3.
- `retry_delay` (String) Duration of delay between retry attempts when pulling or pushing images between the registry and local storage in case of failure.
- `rm` (Boolean) Automatically remove the container when it exits. The default is false.
- `rmi` (Boolean) After exit of the container, remove the image unless another container is using it. Implies --rm on the new container. The default is false.
- `rootfs` (Boolean) If true, the first argument refers to an exploded container on the file system. The default is false.
- `sdnotify` (String) Determines how to use the NOTIFY_SOCKET, as passed with systemd and Type=notify. Can be container, conmon, ignore. For quadlets it can also be healthy to use the built in health checks, see [documentation](https://docs.podman.io/en/latest/markdown/podman-systemd.unit.5.html#notify-defaults-to-false) for more details.
- `seccomp_policy` (String) Specify the policy to select the seccomp profile.
- `secrets` (String) Add the named secrets into the container. The format is `secret[,opt=opt...]`, see [documentation](https://docs.podman.io/en/latest/markdown/podman-run.1.html#secret-secret-opt-opt) for more details.
- `security_opt` (String) Security Options. For example security_opt "seccomp=unconfined"
- `shm_size` (String) Size of /dev/shm. The format is <number><unit>. number must be greater than 0. Unit is optional and can be b (bytes), k (kilobytes), m(megabytes), or g (gigabytes). If you omit the unit, the system uses bytes. If you omit the size entirely, the system uses 64m
- `shm_size_systemd` (String) Size of systemd-specific tmpfs mounts such as /run, /run/lock, /var/log/journal and /tmp.
- `sig_proxy` (Boolean) Proxy signals sent to the podman run command to the container process. SIGCHLD, SIGSTOP, and SIGKILL are not proxied. The default is true.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) *absent* - A container matching the specified name will be stopped and removed. *present* - Asserts the existence of a container matching the name and any provided configuration parameters. If no container matches the name, a container will be created. If a container matches the name but the provided configuration does not match, the container will be updated, if it can be. If it cannot be updated, it will be removed and re-created with the requested config. Image version will be taken into account when comparing configuration. Use the recreate option to force the re-creation of the matching container. *started* - Asserts there is a running container matching the name and any provided configuration. If no container matches the name, a container will be created and started. Use recreate to always re-create a matching container, even if it is running. Use force_restart to force a matching container to be stopped and restarted. *stopped* - Asserts that the container is first *present*, and then if the container is running moves it to a stopped state. *created* - Asserts that the container exists with given configuration. If container doesn't exist, the module creates it and leaves it in 'created' state. If configuration doesn't match or 'recreate' option is set, the container will be recreated *quadlet* - Write a quadlet file with the specified configuration.
- `stop_signal` (Number) Signal to stop a container. Default is SIGTERM.
- `stop_time` (String) Seconds to wait before forcibly stopping the container. Use -1 for infinite wait. Applies to "stopped" status.
- `stop_timeout` (Number) Timeout (in seconds) to stop a container. Default is 10.
- `subgidname` (String) Run the container in a new user namespace using the map with 'name' in the /etc/subgid file.
- `subuidname` (String) Run the container in a new user namespace using the map with 'name' in the /etc/subuid file.
- `sysctl` (String) Configure namespaced kernel parameters at runtime
- `systemd` (String) Run container in systemd mode. The default is true.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timezone` (String) Set timezone in container. This flag takes area-based timezones, GMT time, as well as local, which sets the timezone in the container to match the host machine. See /usr/share/zoneinfo/ for valid timezones. Remote connections use local containers.conf for defaults.
- `tls_verify` (Boolean) Require HTTPS and verify certificates when pulling images.
- `tmpfs` (String) Create a tmpfs mount. For example tmpfs "/tmp" "rw,size=787448k,mode=1777"
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `tty` (Boolean) Allocate a pseudo-TTY. The default is false.
- `uidmap` (String) Run the container in a new user namespace using the supplied mapping.
- `ulimit` (String) Ulimit options
- `umask` (String) Set the umask inside the container. Defaults to 0022. Remote connections use local containers.conf for defaults.
- `unsetenv` (String) Unset default environment variables for the container.
- `unsetenv_all` (Boolean) Unset all default environment variables for the container.
- `user` (String) Sets the username or UID used and optionally the groupname or GID for the specified command.
- `userns` (String) Set the user namespace mode for the container. It defaults to the PODMAN_USERNS environment variable. An empty value means user namespaces are disabled.
- `uts` (String) Set the UTS mode for the container
- `variant` (String) Use VARIANT instead of the default architecture variant of the container image.
- `volume` (String) Create a bind mount. If you specify, volume /HOST-DIR:/CONTAINER-DIR, podman bind mounts /HOST-DIR in the host to /CONTAINER-DIR in the podman container.
- `volumes_from` (String) Mount volumes from the specified container(s).
- `workdir` (String) Working directory inside the container. The default working directory for running binaries within a container is the root directory (/).

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `container` (String) Facts representing the current state of the container. Matches the podman inspection output. Note that facts are part of the registered vars since Ansible 2.8. For compatibility reasons, the facts are also accessible directly as `podman_container`. Note that the returned fact will be removed in Ansible 2.12. Empty if `state` is *absent*.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
