---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_containers_podman_podman_secret Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_containers_podman_podman_secret (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the secret.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `data` (String) The value of the secret. Required when `state` is `present`. Mutually exclusive with `env` and `path`.
- `debug` (Boolean) Enable debug mode for module. It prints secrets diff.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `driver` (String) Override default secrets driver, currently podman uses `file` which is unencrypted.
- `driver_opts` (String) Driver-specific key-value options.
- `env` (String) The name of the environment variable that contains the secret. Mutually exclusive with `data` and `path`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) Path to `podman` executable if it is not in the `$PATH` on the machine running `podman`
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Use it when `state` is `present` to remove and recreate an existing secret.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) Labels to set on the secret.
- `path` (String) Path to the file that contains the secret. Mutually exclusive with `data` and `env`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_existing` (Boolean) Use it when `state` is `present` and secret with the same name already exists. If set to `true`, the secret will NOT be recreated and remains as is.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether to create or remove the named secret.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
