---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_containers_podman_podman_prune Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_containers_podman_podman_prune (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `container` (Boolean) Whether to prune containers.
- `container_filters` (String) A dictionary of filter values used for selecting containers to delete. For example, `until: 24h`. See [the podman documentation]( https://docs.podman.io/en/latest/markdown/podman-container-prune.1.html#filter-filters) for more information on possible filters.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) Podman binary.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `image` (Boolean) Whether to prune images.
- `image_filters` (String) A dictionary of filter values used for selecting images to delete. You can also use `dangling_only: false` to delete dangling and non-dangling images or `external: true` to delete images even when they are used by external containers. See [the podman documentation]( https://docs.podman.io/en/latest/markdown/podman-image-prune.1.html#filter-filters) for more information on possible filters.
- `network` (Boolean) Whether to prune networks.
- `network_filters` (String) A dictionary of filter values used for selecting networks to delete. See [the podman documentation]( https://docs.podman.io/en/latest/markdown/podman-network-prune.1.html#filter) for more information on possible filters.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `system` (Boolean) Whether to prune unused pods, containers, image, networks and volume data
- `system_all` (Boolean) Whether to prune all unused images, not only dangling images.
- `system_volumes` (Boolean) Whether to prune volumes currently unused by any container.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `volume` (Boolean) Whether to prune volumes.
- `volume_filters` (String) A dictionary of filter values used for selecting volumes to delete. See [the podman documentation]( https://docs.podman.io/en/latest/markdown/podman-volume-prune.1.html#filter) for more information on possible filters.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `containers` (String) List of IDs of deleted containers.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `images` (String) List of IDs of deleted images.
- `networks` (String) List of IDs of deleted networks.
- `volumes` (String) List of IDs of deleted volumes.
