---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_containers_podman_podman_save Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_containers_podman_podman_save (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dest` (String) Destination file to write image to.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `image` (String) Image to save.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `compress` (Boolean) Compress tarball image layers when pushing to a directory using the 'dir' transport. (default is same compression type, compressed or uncompressed, as source)
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) Path to `podman` executable if it is not in the `$PATH` on the machine running `podman`
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Force saving to file even if it exists.
- `format` (String) Save image to docker-archive, oci-archive (see containers-transports(5)), oci-dir (oci transport), or docker-dir (dir transport with v2s2 manifest type).
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `multi_image_archive` (Boolean) Allow for creating archives with more than one image. Additional names will be interpreted as images instead of tags. Only supported for docker-archive.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
