---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_containers_podman_podman_image Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_containers_podman_podman_image (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the image to pull, push, or delete. It may contain a tag using the format `image:tag`.

### Optional

- `arch` (String) CPU architecture for the container image
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_file` (String) Path to file containing authorization credentials to the remote registry.
- `build` (String) Arguments that control image build.
- `ca_cert_dir` (String) Path to directory containing TLS certificates and keys to use.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) Path to `podman` executable if it is not in the `$PATH` on the machine running `podman`.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Whether or not to force push or pull an image. When building, force the build even if the image already exists.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) Password to use when authenticating to remote registries.
- `path` (String) Path to the build context directory.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pull` (Boolean) Whether or not to pull the image.
- `pull_extra_args` (String) Extra arguments to pass to the pull command.
- `push` (Boolean) Whether or not to push an image.
- `push_args` (String) Arguments that control pushing images.
- `quadlet_dir` (String) Path to the directory to write quadlet file in. By default, it will be set as `/etc/containers/systemd/` for root user, `~/.config/containers/systemd/` for non-root users.
- `quadlet_file_mode` (String) The permissions of the quadlet file. The `quadlet_file_mode` can be specied as octal numbers or as a symbolic mode (for example, `u+rwx` or `u=rw,g=r,o=r`). For octal numbers format, you must either add a leading zero so that Ansible's YAML parser knows it is an octal number (like `0644` or `01777`) or quote it (like `'644'` or `'1777'`) so Ansible receives a string and can do its own conversion from string into number. Giving Ansible a number without following one of these rules will end up with a decimal number which will have unexpected results. If `quadlet_file_mode` is not specified and the quadlet file **does not** exist, the default `'0640'` mask will be used when setting the mode for the newly created file. If `quadlet_file_mode` is not specified and the quadlet file **does** exist, the mode of the existing file will be used. Specifying `quadlet_file_mode` is the best way to ensure files are created with the correct permissions.
- `quadlet_filename` (String) Name of quadlet file to write. By default it takes image name without prefixes and tags.
- `quadlet_options` (String) Options for the quadlet file. Provide missing in usual network args options as a list of lines to add.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether an image should be present, absent, or built.
- `tag` (String) Tag of the image to pull, push, or delete.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) username to use when authenticating to remote registries.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Require HTTPS and validate certificates when pulling or pushing. Also used during build if a pull or push is necessary.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `image` (String) Image inspection results for the image that was pulled, pushed, or built.
