---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_copy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_copy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dest` (String) Remote absolute path where the file should be copied to. If `src` is a directory, this must be a directory too. If `dest` is a non-existent path and if either `dest` ends with `/` or `src` is a directory, `dest` is created. If `dest` is a relative path, the starting directory is determined by the remote host. If `src` and `dest` are files, the parent directory of `dest` is not created and the task fails if it does not already exist.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file including the timestamp information so you can get the original file back if you somehow clobbered it incorrectly.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `checksum` (String) SHA1 checksum of the file being transferred. Used to validate that the copy of the file was successful. If this is not provided, ansible will use the local calculated checksum of the src file.
- `content` (String) When used instead of `src`, sets the contents of a file directly to the specified value. Works only when `dest` is a file. Creates the file if it does not exist. For advanced formatting or if `content` contains a variable, use the `ansible.builtin.template` module.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `directory_mode` (String) Set the access permissions of newly created directories to the given mode. Permissions on existing directories do not change. See `mode` for the syntax of accepted values. The target system's defaults determine permissions when this parameter is not set.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `follow` (Boolean) This flag indicates that filesystem links in the destination, if they exist, should be followed.
- `force` (Boolean) Influence whether the remote file must always be replaced. If `true`, the remote file will be replaced when contents are different than the source. If `false`, the file will only be transferred if the destination does not exist.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `local_follow` (Boolean) This flag indicates that filesystem links in the source tree, if they exist, should be followed.
- `mode` (String) The permissions of the destination file or directory. For those used to `/usr/bin/chmod` remember that modes are actually octal numbers. You must either add a leading zero so that Ansible's YAML parser knows it is an octal number (like `0644` or `01777`) or quote it (like `'644'` or `'1777'`) so Ansible receives a string and can do its own conversion from string into number. Giving Ansible a number without following one of these rules will end up with a decimal number which will have unexpected results. As of Ansible 1.8, the mode may be specified as a symbolic mode (for example, `u+rwx` or `u=rw,g=r,o=r`). As of Ansible 2.3, the mode may also be the special string `preserve`. `preserve` means that the file will be given the same permissions as the source file. When doing a recursive copy, see also `directory_mode`. If `mode` is not specified and the destination file **does not** exist, the default `umask` on the system will be used when setting the mode for the newly created file. If `mode` is not specified and the destination file **does** exist, the mode of the existing file will be used. Specifying `mode` is the best way to ensure files are created with the correct permissions. See CVE-2020-1736 for further details.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remote_src` (Boolean) Influence whether `src` needs to be transferred or already is present remotely. If `false`, it will search for `src` on the controller node. If `true`, it will search for `src` on the managed (remote) node. `remote_src` supports recursive copying as of version 2.8. `remote_src` only works with `mode=preserve` as of version 2.6. Auto-decryption of files does not work when `remote_src=yes`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `src` (String) Local path to a file to copy to the remote server. This can be absolute or relative. If path is a directory, it is copied recursively. In this case, if path ends with `/`, only inside contents of that directory are copied to destination. Otherwise, if it does not end with `/`, the directory itself with all contents is copied. This behavior is similar to the `rsync` command line tool.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `backup_file` (String) Name of backup file created.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `gid` (Number) Group id of the file, after execution.
- `group` (String) Group of the file, after execution.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `md5sum` (String) MD5 checksum of the file after running copy.
- `owner` (String) Owner of the file, after execution.
- `size` (Number) Size of the target, after execution.
- `state` (String) State of the target, after execution.
- `uid` (Number) Owner id of the file, after execution.
