---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cron Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cron (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Description of a crontab entry or, if O(env) is set, the name of environment variable. This parameter is always required as of ansible-core 2.12.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) If set, create a backup of the crontab before it is modified. The location of the backup is returned in the RV(ignore:backup_file) variable by this module.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cron_file` (String) If specified, uses this file instead of an individual user's crontab. The assumption is that this file is exclusively managed by the module, do not use if the file contains multiple entries, NEVER use for /etc/crontab. If this is a relative path, it is interpreted with respect to C(/etc/cron.d). Many Linux distros expect (and some require) the filename portion to consist solely of upper- and lower-case letters, digits, underscores, and hyphens. Using this parameter requires you to specify the O(user) as well, unless O(state=absent). Either this parameter or O(name) is required.
- `day` (String) Day of the month the job should run (V(1-31), V(*), V(*/2), and so on). Cannot be combined with O(special_time).
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disabled` (Boolean) If the job should be disabled (commented out) in the crontab. Only has effect if O(state=present).
- `env` (Boolean) If set, manages a crontab's environment variable. New variables are added on top of crontab. O(name) and O(value) parameters are the name and the value of environment variable.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hour` (String) Hour when the job should run (V(0-23), V(*), V(*/2), and so on). Cannot be combined with O(special_time).
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `insertafter` (String) Used with O(state=present) and O(env). If specified, the environment variable will be inserted after the declaration of specified environment variable.
- `insertbefore` (String) Used with O(state=present) and O(env). If specified, the environment variable will be inserted before the declaration of specified environment variable.
- `job` (String) The command to execute or, if O(env) is set, the value of environment variable. The command should not contain line breaks. Required if O(state=present).
- `minute` (String) Minute when the job should run (V(0-59), V(*), V(*/2), and so on). Cannot be combined with O(special_time).
- `month` (String) Month of the year the job should run (V(JAN-DEC) or V(1-12), V(*), V(*/2), and so on). Cannot be combined with O(special_time).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `special_time` (String) Special time specification nickname. Cannot be combined with O(minute), O(hour), O(day), O(month) or O(weekday).
- `state` (String) Whether to ensure the job or environment variable is present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user` (String) The specific user whose crontab should be modified. When unset, this parameter defaults to the current user.
- `weekday` (String) Day of the week that the job should run (V(SUN-SAT) or V(0-6), V(*), and so on). Cannot be combined with O(special_time).

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
