---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cyberark_pas_cyberark_credential Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cyberark_pas_cyberark_credential (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_base_url` (String) A string containing the base URL of the server hosting the Central Credential Provider.
- `app_id` (String) A string containing the Application ID authorized for retrieving the credential.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `query` (String) A string containing details of the object being queried; Possible parameters could be Safe, Folder, Object (internal account name), UserName, Address, Database, PolicyID.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client_cert` (String) A string containing the file location and name of the client certificate used for authentication.
- `client_key` (String) A string containing the file location and name of the private key of the client certificate used for authentication.
- `connection_timeout` (Number) An integer value of the allowed time before the request returns failed.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `fail_request_on_password_change` (Boolean) A boolean parameter for completing the request in the middle of a password change of the requested credential.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `path` (String) A string containing the path for the AIM service Accounts API.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `query_format` (String) The format for which your Query will be received by the CCP.
- `reason` (String) Reason for requesting credential if required by policy; It must be specified if the Policy managing the object requires it.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If `false`, SSL certificate chain will not be validated.  This should only set to `true` if you have a root CA certificate installed on each node.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `failed` (Boolean) Whether playbook run resulted in a failure of any kind.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) A json dump of the resulting action.
- `status_code` (Number) Result HTTP Status code.
