---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cyberark_pas_cyberark_account Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cyberark_pas_cyberark_account (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cyberark_session` (String) Dictionary set by a CyberArk authentication containing the different values to perform actions on a logged-on CyberArk session, please see `cyberark.pas.cyberark_authentication` module for an example of cyberark_session.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `safe` (String) The safe in the Vault where the privileged account is to be located.

### Optional

- `address` (String) The address of the endpoint where the privileged account is located.
- `api_base_url` (String) A string containing the base URL of the server hosting CyberArk's Privileged Account Security Web Services SDK. Example https://<IIS_Server_Ip>/PasswordVault/api/
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `identified_by` (String) When an API call is made to Get Accounts, often times the default parameters passed will identify more than one account. This parameter is used to confidently identify a single account when the default query can return multiple results.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `logging_file` (String) Setting the log file name and location for troubleshooting logs.
- `logging_level` (String) Parameter used to define the level of troubleshooting output to the `logging_file` value.
- `name` (String) The ObjectID of the account
- `new_secret` (String) The new secret/password to be stored in CyberArk Vault.
- `platform_account_properties` (String) Object containing key-value pairs to associate with the account, as defined by the account platform. These properties are validated against the mandatory and optional properties of the specified platform's definition. Optional properties that do not exist on the account will not be returned here. Internal properties are not returned.
- `platform_id` (String) The PolicyID of the Platform that is to be managing the account
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remote_machines_access` (String) Set of parameters for defining PSM endpoint access targets.
- `secret` (String) The initial password for the creation of the account
- `secret_management` (String) Set of parameters associated with the management of the credential.
- `secret_type` (String) The value that identifies what type of account it will be.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Assert the desired state of the account `present` to create or update and account object. Set to `absent` for deletion of an account object. Set to `retrieve` to get the account object including the password.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) The username associated with the account.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If `false`, SSL certificate chain will not be validated.  This should only set to `true` if you have a root CA certificate installed on each node.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `failed` (Boolean) Whether playbook run resulted in a failure of any kind.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) A json dump of the resulting action.
- `status_code` (Number) Result HTTP Status code.
