---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cyberark_pas_cyberark_authentication Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cyberark_pas_cyberark_authentication (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `api_base_url` (String) A string containing the base URL of the server hosting CyberArk's Privileged Account Security Web Services SDK.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `concurrentSession` (Boolean) Whether or not to allow concurrent sessions for the same user.
- `connection_number` (Number) To support multiple connections for same user specify different value for this parameter.
- `cyberark_session` (String) Dictionary set by a CyberArk authentication containing the different values to perform actions on a logged-on CyberArk session.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `new_password` (String) The new password of the user. This parameter is optional, and enables you to change a password.
- `password` (String) The password of the user.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specifies if an authentication logon/logoff and a cyberark_session should be added/removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_cyberark_authentication` (Boolean) Whether or not LDAP will be used.
- `use_ldap_authentication` (Boolean) Whether or not LDAP will be used.
- `use_radius_authentication` (Boolean) Whether or not users will be authenticated via a RADIUS server. Valid values are true/false.
- `use_windows_authentication` (Boolean) Whether or not Windows will be used.
- `username` (String) The name of the user who will logon to the Vault.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If `false`, SSL certificates will not be validated.  This should only set to `false` used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
