---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_cyberark_pas_cyberark_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_cyberark_pas_cyberark_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cyberark_session` (String) Dictionary set by a CyberArk authentication containing the different values to perform actions on a logged-on CyberArk session, please see `cyberark.pas.cyberark_authentication` module for an example of cyberark_session.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `username` (String) The name of the user who will be queried (for details), added, updated or deleted.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authorization` (String) A list of authorization options for this user. Options can include AddSafes and AuditUsers The default provides backwards compatability with older versions of the collection
- `change_password_on_the_next_logon` (Boolean) Whether or not the user must change their password in their next logon.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the user will be disabled.
- `domain_name` (String) The name of the user domain.
- `email` (String) The user email address.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `expiry_date` (String) The date and time when the user account will expire and become disabled.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `first_name` (String) The user first name.
- `group_name` (String) The name of the group the user will be added to. Causes an additional lookup in cyberark Will be ignored if vault_id is used Will cause a failure if group is missing or more than one group with that name exists
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `initial_password` (String) The password that the new user will use to log on the first time. This password must meet the password policy requirements. This parameter is required when state is present -- Add User.
- `last_name` (String) The user last name.
- `location` (String) The Vault Location for the user.
- `logging_file` (String) Setting the log file name and location for troubleshooting logs.
- `logging_level` (String) Parameter used to define the level of troubleshooting output to the `logging_file` value.
- `member_type` (String) The type of member.
- `new_password` (String) The user updated password. Make sure that this password meets the password policy requirements.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specifies the state needed for the user present for create user, absent for delete user.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_type_name` (String) The type of user. The parameter defaults to `EPVUser`.
- `vault_id` (Number) The ID of the user group to add the user to Prefered over group_name

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cyberark_user` (String) Dictionary containing result properties.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `status_code` (Number) Result HTTP Status code
