---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_deb822_repository Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_deb822_repository (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the repo. Specifically used for `X-Repolib-Name` and in naming the repository and signing key files.

### Optional

- `allow_downgrade_to_insecure` (Boolean) Allow downgrading a package that was previously authenticated but is no longer authenticated.
- `allow_insecure` (Boolean) Allow insecure repositories.
- `allow_weak` (Boolean) Allow repositories signed with a key using a weak digest algorithm.
- `architectures` (String) Architectures to search within repository.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `by_hash` (Boolean) Controls if APT should try to acquire indexes via a URI constructed from a hashsum of the expected file instead of using the well-known stable filename of the index.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `check_date` (Boolean) Controls if APT should consider the machine's time correct and hence perform time related checks, such as verifying that a Release file is not from the future.
- `check_valid_until` (Boolean) Controls if APT should try to detect replay attacks.
- `components` (String) Components specify different sections of one distribution version present in a `Suite`.
- `date_max_future` (Number) Controls how far from the future a repository may be.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Tells APT whether the source is enabled or not.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `inrelease_path` (String) Determines the path to the `InRelease` file, relative to the normal position of an `InRelease` file.
- `install_python_debian` (Boolean) Whether to automatically try to install the Python `debian` library or not, if it is not already installed. Without this library, the module does not work. - Runs `apt install python3-debian`. - Only works with the system Python. If you are using a Python on the remote that is not the system Python, set `install_python_debian=false` and ensure that the Python `debian` library for your Python version is installed some other way.
- `languages` (String) Defines which languages information such as translated package descriptions should be downloaded.
- `mode` (String) The octal mode for newly created files in `sources.list.d`.
- `pdiffs` (Boolean) Controls if APT should try to use `PDiffs` to update old indexes instead of downloading the new indexes entirely.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `signed_by` (String) Either a URL to a GPG key, absolute path to a keyring file, one or more fingerprints of keys either in the `trusted.gpg` keyring or in the keyrings in the `trusted.gpg.d/` directory, or an ASCII armored GPG public key block.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) A source string state.
- `suites` (String) Suite can specify an exact path in relation to the UR*s* provided, in which case the Components: must be omitted and suite must end with a slash (`/`). Alternatively, it may take the form of a distribution version (for example a version codename like `disco` or `artful`). If the suite does not specify a path, at least one component must be present.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `targets` (String) Defines which download targets apt will try to acquire from this source.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trusted` (Boolean) Decides if a source is considered trusted or if warnings should be raised before, for example packages are installed from this source.
- `types` (String) Which types of packages to look for from a given source; either binary `deb` or source code `deb-src`.
- `uris` (String) The URIs must specify the base of the Debian distribution archive, from which APT finds the information it needs.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dest` (String) Path to the repository file
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `key_filename` (String) Path to the signed_by key file
- `repo` (String) A source string for the repository
