---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_debconf Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_debconf (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of package to configure.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `question` (String) A debconf configuration setting.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unseen` (Boolean) Do not set C(seen) flag when pre-seeding.
- `value` (String) Value to set the configuration to. After Ansible 2.17, C(value) is of type C(raw).
- `vtype` (String) The type of the value supplied. It is highly recommended to add C(no_log=True) to task while specifying O(vtype=password). V(seen) was added in Ansible 2.2. After Ansible 2.17, user can specify C(value) as a list, if C(vtype) is set as V(multiselect).

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
