---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_powerflex_replication_consistency_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_powerflex_replication_consistency_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `activity_mode` (String) Activity mode of RCG. This parameter is supported for version 3.6 and above.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `create_snapshot` (Boolean) Whether to create the snapshot of the replication consistency group.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Force switchover the RCG.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_consistent` (Boolean) Consistency of RCG.
- `new_rcg_name` (String) Name of RCG to rename to.
- `pause_mode` (String) Pause mode. It is required if pause is set as true.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `protection_domain_id` (String) Protection domain id. Mutually exclusive with *protection_domain_name*.
- `protection_domain_name` (String) Protection domain name. Mutually exclusive with *protection_domain_id*.
- `rcg_id` (String) The ID of the replication consistency group. Mutually exclusive with *rcg_name*.
- `rcg_name` (String) The name of the replication consistency group. It is unique across the PowerFlex array. Mutually exclusive with *rcg_id*.
- `rcg_state` (String) Specify an action for RCG. Failover the RCG. Reverse the RCG. Restore the RCG. Switchover the RCG. Pause or resume the RCG. Freeze or unfreeze the RCG. Synchronize the RCG.
- `remote_peer` (String) Remote peer system.
- `rpo` (Number) Desired RPO in seconds.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the replication consistency group.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_volume_access_mode` (String) Target volume access mode.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `replication_consistency_group_details` (String) Details of the replication consistency group.
