---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_powerflex_snapshot_v2 Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_powerflex_snapshot_v2 (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `desired_retention` (Number) The retention value for the Snapshot. If the desired_retention is not mentioned during creation, snapshot will be created with unlimited retention. Maximum supported desired retention is 31 days.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remove_mode` (String) Removal mode for the snapshot. It defaults to `ONLY_ME`, if not specified.
- `retention_unit` (String) The unit for retention. It defaults to `hours`, if not specified.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot_id` (String) The ID of the Snapshot.
- `snapshot_name` (String) The name of the snapshot. Mandatory for create operation. Specify either *snapshot_name* or *snapshot_id* (but not both) for any operation.
- `snapshot_new_name` (String) New name of the snapshot. Used to rename the snapshot.
- `state` (String) State of the snapshot.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vol_id` (String) The ID of the volume.
- `vol_name` (String) The name of the volume for which snapshot will be taken. Specify either *vol_name* or *vol_id* while creating snapshot.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `snapshot_details` (String) Details of the snapshot.
