---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_powerflex_snapshot_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_powerflex_snapshot_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `access_mode` (String) Access mode of the snapshot policy. READ_ONLY access_mode is allowed only since PowerFlex 5.0.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_snapshot_creation_cadence` (String) The auto snapshot creation cadence of the snapshot policy.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `new_name` (String) New name of the snapshot policy.
- `num_of_retained_snapshots_per_level` (String) Number of retained snapshots per level.
- `pause` (Boolean) Whether to pause or resume the snapshot policy.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `secure_snapshots` (Boolean) Whether to secure snapshots or not. Used only in the create operation.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot_policy_id` (String) The unique identifier of the snapshot policy. Except create operation, all other operations can be performed using *snapshot_policy_id*. Mutually exclusive with *snapshot_policy_name*.
- `snapshot_policy_name` (String) The name of the snapshot policy. It is unique across the PowerFlex array. Mutually exclusive with *snapshot_policy_id*.
- `source_volume` (String) The source volume details to be added or removed.
- `state` (String) State of the snapshot policy.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `snapshot_policy_details` (String) Details of the snapshot policy.
