---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_session Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_session (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `ca_path` (String) The Privacy Enhanced Mail (PEM) file that contains a CA certificate to be used for the validation.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hostname` (String) IP address or hostname of the OpenManage Enterprise.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) Password of the OpenManage Enterprise. If the password is not provided, then the environment variable `OME_PASSWORD` is used. *password* is required when *state* is `present`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) Port of the OpenManage Enterprise.
- `session_id` (String) Session ID of the OpenManage Enterprise. *session_id* is required when *state* is `absent`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of the session in OpenManage Enterprise. `present` creates a session. `absent` deletes a session. Module will always report changes found to be applied when *state* is `present`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Username of the OpenManage Enterprise. If the username is not provided, then the environment variable `OME_USERNAME` is used. *username* is required when *state* is `present`.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If `false`, the SSL certificates will not be validated. Configure `false` only on personally controlled sites where self-signed certificates are used.
- `x_auth_token` (String) Authentication token. *x_auth_token* is required when *state* is `absent`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Status of the session operation.
- `session_data` (String) The session details.
