---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_server_config_profile Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_server_config_profile (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `job_wait` (Boolean) Whether to wait for job completion or not.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `command` (String) If `import`, the module performs SCP import operation. If `export`, the module performs SCP export operation. If `preview`, the module performs SCP preview operation. `import_custom_defaults` allows you to import custom default iDRAC settings. `export_custom_defaults` allows you to export custom default iDRAC settings. `import_custom_defaults` and `export_custom_defaults` is supported only on iDRAC9 with firmware 7.00.00.00 and above.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `end_host_power_state` (String) This option is applicable for `import` command. If `On`, End host power state is on. If `Off`, End host power state is off.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `export_format` (String) Specify the output file format. This option is applicable for `export` or `export_custom_defaults` command. The default export file format is always XML when the  *command* is `export_custom_defaults`.
- `export_use` (String) Specify the type of Server Configuration Profile (SCP) to be exported. This option is applicable when *command* is `export`. `Default` Creates a non-destructive snapshot of the configuration. `Replace` Replaces a server with another or restores the servers settings to a known baseline. `Clone` Clones settings from one server to another server with the identical hardware setup. All settings except I/O identity are updated (e.g. will reset RAID). The settings in this export will be destructive when uploaded to another system.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_certificate_warning` (String) If `ignore`, it ignores the certificate warnings. If `showerror`, it shows the certificate warnings. *ignore_certificate_warning* is considered only when *share_name* is of type HTTPS and is supported only on iDRAC9.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `import_buffer` (String) Used to import the buffer input of xml or json into the iDRAC. When the  *command* is `import_custom_defaults`, only XML file format is supported. This option is applicable when *command* is `import` or `preview` or `import_custom_defaults`. *import_buffer* is mutually exclusive with *share_name*.
- `include_in_export` (String) This option is applicable when *command* is `export`. If `default`, it exports the default Server Configuration Profile. If `readonly`, it exports the SCP with readonly attributes. If `passwordhashvalues`, it exports the SCP with password hash values. If `customtelemetry`, exports the SCP with custom telemetry attributes supported only in the iDRAC9.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `proxy_password` (String) Proxy password to authenticate. *proxy_password* is considered only when *share_name* is of type HTTP or HTTPS and is supported only on iDRAC9.
- `proxy_port` (String) Proxy port to authenticate. *proxy_port* is required when *share_name* is of type HTTPS or HTTP and *proxy_support* is `true`. *proxy_port* is considered only when *share_name* is of type HTTP or HTTPS and is supported only on iDRAC9.
- `proxy_server` (String) *proxy_server* is required when *share_name* is of type HTTPS or HTTP and *proxy_support* is `true`. *proxy_server* is considered only when *share_name* is of type HTTP or HTTPS and is supported only on iDRAC9.
- `proxy_support` (Boolean) Proxy to be enabled or disabled. *proxy_support* is considered only when *share_name* is of type HTTP or HTTPS and is supported only on iDRAC9.
- `proxy_type` (String) `http` to select HTTP type proxy. `socks4` to select SOCKS4 type proxy. *proxy_type* is considered only when *share_name* is of type HTTP or HTTPS and is supported only on iDRAC9.
- `proxy_username` (String) Proxy username to authenticate. *proxy_username* is considered only when *share_name* is of type HTTP or HTTPS and is supported only on iDRAC9.
- `scp_components` (String) If `ALL`, this option exports or imports all components configurations from the SCP file. If `IDRAC`, this option exports or imports iDRAC configuration from the SCP file. If `BIOS`, this option exports or imports BIOS configuration from the SCP file. If `NIC`, this option exports or imports NIC configuration from the SCP file. If `RAID`, this option exports or imports RAID configuration from the SCP file. If `FC`, this option exports or imports FiberChannel configurations from the SCP file. If `InfiniBand`, this option exports or imports InfiniBand configuration from the SCP file. If `SupportAssist`, this option exports or imports SupportAssist configuration from the SCP file. If `EventFilters`, this option exports or imports EventFilters configuration from the SCP file. If `System`, this option exports or imports System configuration from the SCP file. If `LifecycleController`, this option exports or imports SupportAssist configuration from the SCP file. If `AHCI`, this option exports or imports EventFilters configuration from the SCP file. If `PCIeSSD`, this option exports or imports PCIeSSD configuration from the SCP file. When *command* is `export` or `import` *target* with multiple components is supported only on iDRAC9 with firmware 6.10.00.00 and above.
- `scp_file` (String) Name of the server configuration profile (SCP) file. Only XML file format is supported when *command* is `import` or `import_custom_defaults` or `export_custom_defaults`. The default format <idrac_ip>_YYmmdd_HHMMSS_scp is used if this option is not specified for `export` or `export_custom_defaults`. *export_format* is used if the valid extension file is not provided for `export`.
- `share_name` (String) Network share or local path. CIFS, NFS, HTTP, and HTTPS network share types are supported. *share_name* is mutually exclusive with *import_buffer*. Only "local" is supported when the *command* is `import_custom_defaults` or `export_custom_defaults`.
- `share_password` (String) Network share user password. This option is mandatory for CIFS Network Share.
- `share_user` (String) Network share user in the format 'user@domain' or 'domain\\user' if user is part of a domain else 'user'. This option is mandatory for CIFS Network Share.
- `shutdown_type` (String) This option is applicable for `import` command. If `Graceful`, the job gracefully shuts down the operating system and turns off the server. If `Forced`, it forcefully shuts down the server. If `NoReboot`, the job that applies the SCP will pause until you manually reboot the server.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Status of the import or export SCP job.
- `scp_status` (String) SCP operation job and progress details from the iDRAC.
