---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_chassis_slots Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_chassis_slots (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device_options` (String) The ID or service tag of the sled in the slot and the new name for the slot. *device_options* is mutually exclusive with *slot_options*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `slot_options` (String) The service tag of the chassis, slot number of the slot to be renamed, and the new name for the slot. *slot_options* is mutually exclusive with *device_options*.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Overall status of the slot rename operation.
- `rename_failed_slots` (String) Information of the valid slots that are not renamed. `JobStatus` is shown if rename job fails. `NOTE` Only slots which were not renamed are listed.
- `slot_info` (String) Information of the slots that are renamed successfully. The `DeviceServiceTag` and `DeviceId` options are available only if *device_options* is used. `NOTE` Only the slots which were renamed are listed.
