---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_powerflex_sdc Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_powerflex_sdc (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) State of the SDC.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `performance_profile` (String) Define the performance profile as *Compact* or *HighPerformance*. The high performance profile configures a predefined set of parameters for very high performance use cases.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `sdc_id` (String) ID of the SDC. Specify either *sdc_name*, *sdc_id* or *sdc_ip* for get/rename operation. Mutually exclusive with *sdc_name* and *sdc_ip*.
- `sdc_ip` (String) IP of the SDC. Specify either *sdc_name*, *sdc_id* or *sdc_ip* for get/rename operation. Mutually exclusive with *sdc_id* and *sdc_name*.
- `sdc_name` (String) Name of the SDC. Specify either *sdc_name*, *sdc_id* or *sdc_ip* for get/rename operation. Mutually exclusive with *sdc_id* and *sdc_ip*.
- `sdc_new_name` (String) New name of the SDC. Used to rename the SDC.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `sdc_details` (String) Details of the SDC.
