---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_unity_storagepool Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_unity_storagepool (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) Define whether the storage pool should exist or not. `Present` - indicates that the storage pool should exist on the system. `Absent` - indicates that the storage pool should not exist on the system.

### Optional

- `alert_threshold` (Number) Threshold at which the system will generate alerts about the free space in the pool, specified as a percentage. Minimum threshold limit is 50. Maximum threshold limit is 84.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fast_cache` (String) Indicates whether the fast cache is enabled for the storage pool. `Enabled` - FAST Cache is enabled for the pool. `Disabled` - FAST Cache is disabled for the pool.
- `fast_vp` (String) Indicates whether to enable scheduled data relocations for the pool. `Enabled` - Enabled scheduled data relocations for the pool. `Disabled` - Disabled scheduled data relocations for the pool.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_harvest_enabled` (Boolean) Enable/Disable automatic deletion of snapshots based on pool space usage.
- `is_snap_harvest_enabled` (Boolean) Enable/Disable automatic deletion of snapshots based on pool space usage.
- `new_pool_name` (String) New name of the storage pool, unique in the storage system.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pool_description` (String) The description of the storage pool.
- `pool_harvest_high_threshold` (Number) Max threshold for space used in pool beyond which the system automatically starts deleting snapshots in the pool. Applies when the automatic deletion of snapshots based on pool space usage is enabled for the system and pool. Minimum pool harvest high threshold value is 1. Maximum pool harvest high threshold value is 99.
- `pool_harvest_low_threshold` (Number) Min threshold for space used in pool below which the system automatically stops deletion of snapshots in the pool. Applies when the automatic deletion of snapshots based on pool space usage is enabled for the system and pool. Minimum pool harvest low threshold value is 0. Maximum pool harvest low threshold value is 98.
- `pool_id` (String) Unique identifier of the pool instance.
- `pool_name` (String) Name of the storage pool, unique in the storage system.
- `pool_type` (String) Indicates storage pool type.
- `raid_groups` (String) Parameters to create RAID group from the disks and add it to the pool.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snap_harvest_high_threshold` (Number) Max threshold for space used in snapshot beyond which the system automatically starts deleting snapshots in the pool. Applies when the automatic deletion of snapshots based on pool space usage is enabled for the pool. Minimum snap harvest high threshold value is 1. Maximum snap harvest high threshold value is 99.
- `snap_harvest_low_threshold` (Number) Min threshold for space used in snapshot below which the system will stop automatically deleting snapshots in the pool. Applies when the automatic deletion of snapshots based on pool space usage is enabled for the pool. Minimum snap harvest low threshold value is 0. Maximum snap harvest low threshold value is 98.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `storage_pool_details` (String) The storage pool details.
