---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_template Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_template (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attributes` (String) Payload data for the template operations. All the variables in this option are added as payload for `create`, `modify`, `deploy`, `import`, and `clone` operations. It takes the following attributes. Attributes: List of dictionaries of attributes (if any) to be modified in the deployment template. This is applicable when *command* is `deploy` and `modify`. Use the *Id* If the attribute Id is available. If not, use the comma separated I (DisplayName). For more details about using the *DisplayName*, see the example provided. Name: Name of the template. This is mandatory when *command* is `create`, `import`, `clone`, and optional when *command* is `modify`. Description: Description for the template. This is applicable when *command* is `create` or `modify`. Fqdds: This allows to create a template using components from a specified reference server. One or more, of the following values must be specified in a comma-separated string: iDRAC, System, BIOS, NIC, LifeCycleController, RAID, and EventFilters. If none of the values are specified, the default value 'All' is selected. This is applicable when I (command) is `create`. Options: Options to control device shutdown or end power state post template deployment. This is applicable for `deploy` operation. Schedule: Provides options to schedule the deployment task immediately, or at a specified time. This is applicable when *command* is `deploy`. NetworkBootIsoModel: Payload to specify the ISO deployment details. This is applicable when *command* is `deploy`. Content: The XML content of template. This is applicable when *command* is `import`. Type: Template type ID, indicating the type of device for which configuration is supported, such as chassis and servers. This is applicable when *command* is `import`. TypeId: Template type ID, indicating the type of device for which configuration is supported, such as chassis and servers. This is applicable when *command* is `create`. Refer OpenManage Enterprise API Reference Guide for more details.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `command` (String) `create` creates a new template. `modify` modifies an existing template. `deploy` creates a template-deployment job. `delete` deletes an existing template. `export` exports an existing template. `import` creates a template from a specified configuration text in SCP XML format. `clone` creates a clone of a existing template.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device_group_names` (String) Specify the list of groups when I (command) is `deploy`. Provide at least one of the mandatory options *device_id*, *device_service_tag*, or *device_group_names*.
- `device_id` (String) Specify the list of targeted device ID(s) when *command* is `deploy`. When I (command) is `create`, specify the ID of a single device. Either *device_id* or *device_service_tag* is mandatory or both can be applicable.
- `device_service_tag` (String) Specify the list of targeted device service tags when I (command) is `deploy`. When *command* is `create`, specify the service tag of a single device. Either *device_id* or *device_service_tag* is mandatory or both can be applicable.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `job_wait` (Boolean) Provides the option to wait for job completion. This option is applicable when *command* is `create`, or `deploy`.
- `job_wait_timeout` (Number) The maximum wait time of *job_wait* in seconds. The job is tracked only for this duration. This option is applicable when *job_wait* is `true`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template_id` (Number) ID of the existing template. This option is applicable when *command* is `modify`, `deploy`, `delete`, `clone` and `export`. This option is mutually exclusive with *template_name*.
- `template_name` (String) Name of the existing template. This option is applicable when *command* is `modify`, `deploy`, `delete`, `clone` and `export`. This option is mutually exclusive with *template_id*.
- `template_view_type` (String) Select the type of view of the OME template. This is applicable when *command* is `create`,`clone` and `import`.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `Content` (String) XML content of the exported template. This content can be written to a xml file.
- `TemplateId` (Number) ID of the template for `export`.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `devices_assigned` (String) Mapping of devices with the templates already deployed on them.
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Overall status of the template operation.
- `return_id` (Number) ID of the template for `create`, `modify`, `import` and `clone` or task created in case of `deploy`.
