---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_reset Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_reset (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `custom_defaults_buffer` (String) This parameter provides the option to import the buffer input in XML format as a custom default configuration. This option is applicable when *reset_to_default* is `CustomDefaults`. *custom_defaults_buffer* is mutually exclusive with *custom_defaults_file*.
- `custom_defaults_file` (String) Name of the custom default configuration file in the XML format. This option is applicable when *reset_to_default* is `CustomDefaults`. *custom_defaults_file* is mutually exclusive with *custom_defaults_buffer*.
- `default_password` (String) This parameter is only applied when *reset_to_default* is `All` or `ResetAllWithRootDefaults`. This parameter is required to track LifeCycle status of the server after the reset operation is performed. If this parameter is not provided, then the LifeCycle status is not tracked after the reset operation.
- `default_username` (String) This parameter is only applied when *reset_to_default* is `All` or `ResetAllWithRootDefaults`. This parameter is required to track LifeCycle status of the server after the reset operation is performed. If this parameter is not provided, then the LifeCycle status is not tracked after the reset operation.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_reset` (Boolean) This parameter provides the option to force reset the iDRAC without checking the iDRAC lifecycle controller status. This option is applicable only for iDRAC9.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `job_wait_timeout` (Number) Time in seconds to wait for job completion. This is applicable when *wait_for_idrac* is `true`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reset_to_default` (String) If this value is not set the default behaviour is to restart the iDRAC. `All` Discards all settings and reset to default credentials. `ResetAllWithRootDefaults` Discards all settings and reset the default username to root and password to the shipping value. `Default` Discards all settings, but preserves user and network settings. `CustomDefaults` All configuration is set to custom defaults.This option is supported on firmware version 7.00.00.00 and newer versions.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait_for_idrac` (Boolean) This parameter provides the option to wait for the iDRAC to reset and lifecycle controller status to be ready.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Status of the iDRAC reset operation.
- `reset_status` (String) Details of iDRAC reset operation.
