---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_enterprise_sonic_sonic_dhcp_relay Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_enterprise_sonic_sonic_dhcp_relay (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config` (String) Specifies the DHCP and DHCPv6 relay configurations.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of the configuration after module completion. `merged` - Merges provided DHCP and DHCPv6 relay configuration with on-device configuration. `deleted` - Deletes on-device DHCP and DHCPv6 relay configuration. `replaced` - Replaces on-device DHCP and DHCPv6 relay configuration of the specified interfaces with provided configuration. `overridden` - Overrides all on-device DHCP and DHCPv6 relay configurations with the provided configuration.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `after` (String) The resulting configuration module invocation.
- `after(generated)` (String) The generated configuration module invocation.
- `before` (String) The configuration prior to the module invocation.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `commands` (String) The set of commands pushed to the remote device.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
