---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_firmware_catalog Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_firmware_catalog (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `catalog_description` (String) Description for the catalog.
- `catalog_id` (String) ID of the catalog. This option is mutually exclusive with *catalog_name*. Provide the list of firmware catalog IDs that are supported when *state* is `absent`.
- `catalog_name` (String) Name of the firmware catalog to be created. This option is mutually exclusive with *catalog_id*. Provide the list of firmware catalog names that are supported when *state* is `absent`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `check_certificate` (Boolean) The certificate warnings are ignored when *repository_type* is HTTPS. If `true`. If not, certificate warnings are not ignored.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `file_name` (String) Catalog file name associated with the *source_path*. This option is ignored when *repository_type* is `DELL_ONLINE`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `job_wait` (Boolean) Provides the option to wait for job completion. This option is applicable when *state* is `present`.
- `job_wait_timeout` (Number) The maximum wait time of *job_wait* in seconds. The job is tracked only for this duration. This option is applicable when *job_wait* is `true`.
- `new_catalog_name` (String) New name of the firmware catalog.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `repository_domain` (String) Domain name of the repository. This option is ignored when *repository_type* is `DELL_ONLINE`.
- `repository_password` (String) Password to access the repository. This option is mandatory when *repository_type* is CIFS. This option is ignored when *repository_type* is `DELL_ONLINE`. `NOTE` The module always reports the changed status, when this is provided.
- `repository_type` (String) Type of repository. The supported types are NFS, CIFS, HTTP, HTTPS,and DELL_ONLINE.
- `repository_username` (String) User name of the repository where the catalog is stored. This option is mandatory when *repository_type* is CIFS. This option is ignored when *repository_type* is `DELL_ONLINE`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) The IP address of the system where the firmware catalog is stored on the local network. By default, this option is set to downloads.dell.com when *repository_type* is `DELL_ONLINE`.
- `source_path` (String) Specify the complete path of the catalog file location without the file name. This is option ignored when *repository_type* is `DELL_ONLINE`.
- `state` (String) `present` creates or modifies a catalog. `absent` deletes an existing catalog.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `associated_baselines` (String) IDs of the baselines associated with catalog.
- `catalog_status` (String) Details of the catalog operation.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the http error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `job_id` (Number) Job ID of the catalog task.
- `msg` (String) Overall status of the firmware catalog operation.
