---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_unity_nasserver Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_unity_nasserver (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) Define the state of NAS server on the array. The value present indicates that NAS server should exist on the system after the task is executed. In this release deletion of NAS server is not supported. Hence, if state is set to `absent` for any existing NAS server then error will be thrown. For any non-existing NAS server, if state is set to `absent` then it will return None.

### Optional

- `allow_unmapped_user` (Boolean) This flag is used to mandatorily disable access in case of any user mapping failure. If `true`, then enable access in case of any user mapping failure. If `false`, then disable access in case of any user mapping failure. It can be mentioned during modification of the NAS server.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `current_unix_directory_service` (String) This is the directory service used for querying identity information for UNIX (such as UIDs, GIDs, net groups). It can be mentioned during modification of the NAS server.
- `default_unix_user` (String) Default Unix user name used for granting access in the case of Windows to Unix user mapping failure. It can be mentioned during modification of the NAS server.
- `default_windows_user` (String) Default windows user name used for granting access in the case of Unix to Windows user mapping failure. It can be mentioned during modification of the NAS server.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable_windows_to_unix_username_mapping` (Boolean) This parameter indicates whether a Unix to/from Windows user name mapping is enabled. It can be mentioned during modification of the NAS server.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_backup_only` (Boolean) It specifies whether the NAS server is used as backup only. It can be mentioned during modification of the NAS server.
- `is_multiprotocol_enabled` (Boolean) This parameter indicates whether multiprotocol sharing mode is enabled. It can be mentioned during modification of the NAS server.
- `is_packet_reflect_enabled` (Boolean) If the packet has to be reflected, then this parameter has to be set to `true`. It can be mentioned during modification of the NAS server.
- `is_replication_destination` (Boolean) It specifies whether the NAS server is a replication destination. It can be mentioned during modification of the NAS server.
- `nas_server_id` (String) The ID of the NAS server. Either *nas_server_name* or *nas_server_id* is required to perform the task. The parameters *nas_server_name* and *nas_server_id* are mutually exclusive.
- `nas_server_name` (String) The Name of the NAS server. Either *nas_server_name* or *nas_server_id*  is required to perform the task. The parameters *nas_server_name* and *nas_server_id* are mutually exclusive.
- `nas_server_new_name` (String) The new name of the NAS server. It can be mentioned during modification of the NAS server.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `replication_params` (String) Settings required for enabling replication.
- `replication_reuse_resource` (Boolean) This parameter indicates if existing NAS Server is to be used for replication.
- `replication_state` (String) State of the replication.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `nas_server_details` (String) The NAS server details.
