---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_device_location Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_device_location (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `aisle` (String) The aisle of the chassis.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `data_center` (String) The data center name of the chassis.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device_id` (Number) The ID of the chassis for which the settings need to be updated. If the device ID is not specified, this module updates the location settings for the *hostname*. *device_id* is mutually exclusive with *device_service_tag*.
- `device_service_tag` (String) The service tag of the chassis for which the settings need to be updated. If the device service tag is not specified, this module updates the location settings for the *hostname*. *device_service_tag* is mutually exclusive with *device_id*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `location` (String) The physical location of the chassis.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rack` (String) The rack name of the chassis.
- `rack_slot` (Number) The rack slot number of the chassis.
- `room` (String) The room of the chassis.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `location_details` (String) returned when location settings are updated successfully.
- `msg` (String) Overall status of the device location settings.
