---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_application_network_time Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_application_network_time (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `enable_ntp` (Boolean) Enables or disables Network Time Protocol(NTP). If *enable_ntp* is false, then the NTP addresses reset to their default values.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `primary_ntp_address` (String) The primary NTP address. This option is applicable when *enable_ntp* is true.
- `secondary_ntp_address1` (String) The first secondary NTP address. This option is applicable when *enable_ntp* is true.
- `secondary_ntp_address2` (String) The second secondary NTP address. This option is applicable when *enable_ntp* is true.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `system_time` (String) Time in the current system. This option is only applicable when *enable_ntp* is false. This option must be provided in following format 'yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss'.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `time_zone` (String) The valid timezone ID to be used. This option is applicable for both system time and NTP time synchronization.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Overall status of the network time configuration change.
- `proxy_configuration` (String) Updated application network time configuration.
