---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_unity_nfs Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_unity_nfs (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) State variable to determine whether NFS export will exist or not.

### Optional

- `adv_host_mgmt_enabled` (Boolean) If `false`, allows you to specify hosts without first having to register them. Mandatory while adding access hosts.
- `anonymous_gid` (Number) Specifies the group ID of the anonymous account. If not specified at the time of creation, it will be set to 4294967294.
- `anonymous_uid` (Number) Specifies the user ID of the anonymous account. If not specified at the time of creation, it will be set to 4294967294.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `default_access` (String) Default access level for all hosts that can access the NFS export. For hosts that need different access than the default, they can be configured by adding to the list. If *default_access* is not mentioned during creation, then NFS export will be created with `NO_ACCESS`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the NFS export. Optional parameter when creating a NFS export. To modify description, pass the new value in *description* field. To remove description, pass the empty value in *description* field.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filesystem_id` (String) ID of the filesystem. This is a unique ID generated by Unity storage system.
- `filesystem_name` (String) Name of the filesystem for which NFS export will be created. Either filesystem or snapshot is required for creation of the NFS. If *filesystem_name* is specified, then *nas_server* is required to uniquely identify the filesystem. If filesystem parameter is provided, then snapshot cannot be specified.
- `host_state` (String) Define whether the hosts can access the NFS export. Required when adding or removing access of hosts from the export.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `min_security` (String) NFS enforced security type for users accessing a NFS export. If not specified at the time of creation, it will be set to `SYS`.
- `nas_server_id` (String) ID of the NAS server on which filesystem will be hosted.
- `nas_server_name` (String) Name of the NAS server on which filesystem will be hosted.
- `nfs_export_id` (String) ID of the nfs export. This is a unique ID generated by Unity storage system.
- `nfs_export_name` (String) Name of the nfs export. Mandatory for create operation. Specify either *nfs_export_name* or *nfs_export_id* (but not both) for any operation.
- `no_access_hosts` (String) Hosts with no access to the NFS export. List of dictionaries. Each dictionary will have any of the keys from *host_name*, *host_id*, *subnet*, *netgroup*, *domain* and *ip_address*. If *adv_host_mgmt_enabled* is `true` then the accepted keys are *host_name*, *host_id* and *ip_address*. If *adv_host_mgmt_enabled* is `false` then the accepted keys are *host_name*, *subnet*, *netgroup*, *domain* and *ip_address*.
- `path` (String) Local path to export relative to the NAS server root. With NFS, each export of a file_system or file_snap must have a unique local path. Mandatory while creating NFS export.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `read_only_hosts` (String) Hosts with read-only access to the NFS export. List of dictionaries. Each dictionary will have any of the keys from *host_name*, *host_id*, *subnet*, *netgroup*, *domain* and *ip_address*. If *adv_host_mgmt_enabled* is `true` then the accepted keys are *host_name*, *host_id* and *ip_address*. If *adv_host_mgmt_enabled* is `false` then the accepted keys are *host_name*, *subnet*, *netgroup*, *domain* and *ip_address*.
- `read_only_root_hosts` (String) Hosts with read-only for root user access to the NFS export. List of dictionaries. Each dictionary will have any of the keys from *host_name*, *host_id*, *subnet*, *netgroup*, *domain* and *ip_address*. If *adv_host_mgmt_enabled* is `true` then the accepted keys are *host_name*, *host_id* and *ip_address*. If *adv_host_mgmt_enabled* is `false` then the accepted keys are *host_name*, *subnet*, *netgroup*, *domain* and *ip_address*.
- `read_write_hosts` (String) Hosts with read and write access to the NFS export. List of dictionaries. Each dictionary will have any of the keys from *host_name*, *host_id*, *subnet*, *netgroup*, *domain* and *ip_address*. If *adv_host_mgmt_enabled* is `true` then the accepted keys are *host_name*, *host_id* and *ip_address*. If *adv_host_mgmt_enabled* is `false` then the accepted keys are *host_name*, *subnet*, *netgroup*, *domain* and *ip_address*.
- `read_write_root_hosts` (String) Hosts with read and write for root user access to the NFS export. List of dictionaries. Each dictionary will have any of the keys from *host_name*, *host_id*, *subnet*, *netgroup*, *domain* and *ip_address*. If *adv_host_mgmt_enabled* is `true` then the accepted keys are *host_name*, *host_id* and *ip_address*. If *adv_host_mgmt_enabled* is `false` then the accepted keys are *host_name*, *subnet*, *netgroup*, *domain* and *ip_address*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot_id` (String) ID of the snapshot. This is a unique ID generated by Unity storage system.
- `snapshot_name` (String) Name of the snapshot for which NFS export will be created. Either filesystem or snapshot is required for creation of the NFS export. If snapshot parameter is provided, then filesystem cannot be specified.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `nfs_share_details` (String) Details of the nfs export.
