---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_unity_replication_session Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_unity_replication_session (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failback` (Boolean) Failback a replication session.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `failover_with_sync` (Boolean) If `true`, Sync the source and destination resources before failing over the asynchronous replication session or keep them in sync after failing over the synchronous replication session. If `false`, Failover a replication session.
- `force` (Boolean) Skip pre-checks on file system(s) replication sessions of a NAS server when a replication failover is issued from the source NAS server.
- `force_full_copy` (Boolean) Indicates whether to sync back all data from the destination SP to the source SP during the failback session. Needed during resume operation when replication session goes out of sync due to a fault.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `pause` (Boolean) Pause or resume replication session.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `session_id` (String) ID of replication session.
- `session_name` (String) Name of replication session.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State variable to determine whether replication session will exist or not.
- `sync` (Boolean) Sync a replication session.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `replication_session_details` (String) Details of the replication session.
