---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_dellemc_configure_idrac_services Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_dellemc_configure_idrac_services (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `idrac_ip` (String) iDRAC IP Address.
- `idrac_password` (String) iDRAC user password.
- `idrac_user` (String) iDRAC username.

### Optional

- `alert_port` (Number) The iDRAC port number that must be used for SNMP traps. The default value is 162, and the acceptable range is between 1 to 65535.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `ca_path` (String) The Privacy Enhanced Mail (PEM) file that contains a CA certificate to be used for the validation.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `community_name` (String) SNMP community name for iDRAC. It is used by iDRAC to validate SNMP queries received from remote systems requesting SNMP data access.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `discovery_port` (Number) The SNMP agent port on the iDRAC. The default value is 161, and the acceptable range is between 1 to 65535.
- `enable_web_server` (String) Whether to Enable or Disable webserver configuration for iDRAC.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `http_port` (Number) HTTP access port.
- `https_port` (Number) HTTPS access port.
- `idrac_port` (Number) iDRAC port.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipmi_lan` (String) Community name set on iDRAC for SNMP settings.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `share_mnt` (String) (deprecated)Local mount path of the network share with read-write permission for ansible user. This option is mandatory for Network Share. This option is deprecated and will be removed in the later version.
- `share_name` (String) (deprecated)Network share or a local path. This option is deprecated and will be removed in the later version.
- `share_password` (String) (deprecated)Network share user password. This option is mandatory for CIFS Network Share. This option is deprecated and will be removed in the later version.
- `share_user` (String) (deprecated)Network share user in the format 'user@domain' or 'domain\\user' if user is part of a domain else 'user'. This option is mandatory for CIFS Network Share. This option is deprecated and will be removed in the later version.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snmp_enable` (String) Whether to Enable or Disable SNMP protocol for iDRAC.
- `snmp_protocol` (String) Type of the SNMP protocol.
- `ssl_encryption` (String) Secure Socket Layer encryption for webserver.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tls_protocol` (String) Transport Layer Security for webserver.
- `trap_format` (String) SNMP trap format for iDRAC.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If `false`, the SSL certificates will not be validated. Configure `false` only on personally controlled sites where self-signed certificates are used. Prior to collection version `5.0.0`, the *validate_certs* is `false` by default.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Overall status of iDRAC service attributes configuration.
- `service_status` (String) Details of iDRAC services attributes configuration.
