---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_device_local_access_configuration Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_device_local_access_configuration (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chassis_power_button` (String) The settings for the chassis power button.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device_id` (Number) The ID of the chassis for which the local access configuration to be updated. If the device ID is not specified, this module updates the local access settings for the *hostname*. *device_id* is mutually exclusive with *device_service_tag*.
- `device_service_tag` (String) The service tag of the chassis for which the local access settings needs to be updated. If the device service tag is not specified, this module updates the local access settings for the *hostname*. *device_service_tag* is mutually exclusive with *device_id*.
- `enable_chassis_direct_access` (Boolean) Enables or disables the access to management consoles such as iDRAC and the management module of the device on the chassis.
- `enable_kvm_access` (Boolean) Enables or disables the keyboard, video, and mouse (KVM) interfaces.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lcd` (String) The settings for LCD. The *lcd* options are ignored if the LCD hardware is not present in the chassis.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `quick_sync` (String) The settings for quick sync. The *quick_sync* options are ignored if the quick sync hardware is not present.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `location_details` (String) returned when local access settings are updated successfully.
- `msg` (String) Overall status of the device local access settings.
