---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_boot Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_boot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `boot_options` (String) Options to enable or disable the boot devices. This is mutually exclusive with *boot_order*, *boot_source_override_mode*, *boot_source_override_enabled* *boot_source_override_target*, and *uefi_target_boot_source_override*.
- `boot_order` (String) This option allows to set the boot devices in the required boot order sequences. This is mutually exclusive with *boot_options*.
- `boot_source_override_enabled` (String) The state of the Boot Source Override feature. `disabled` The system boots normally. `once` The system boots (one time) to the *boot_source_override_target*. `continuous` The system boots to the target specified in the *boot_source_override_target* until this property is set to Disabled. The state is set to `once` for the one-time boot override and `continuous` for the remain-active-until窶把anceled override. If the state is set `once` or `continuous`, the value is reset to `disabled` after the *boot_source_override_target* actions have completed successfully. Changes to this options do not alter the BIOS persistent boot order configuration. This is mutually exclusive with *boot_options*.
- `boot_source_override_mode` (String) The BIOS boot mode (either Legacy or UEFI) to be used when *boot_source_override_target* boot source is booted from. `legacy` The system boot in non-UEF*Legacy* boot mode to the *boot_source_override_target*. `uefi` The system boot in UEFI boot mode to the *boot_source_override_target*. This is read-only property for iDRAC 17G and later. This is mutually exclusive with *boot_options*.
- `boot_source_override_target` (String) The boot source override target device to use during the next boot instead of the normal boot device. `pxe` performs PXE boot from the primary NIC. `floppy`, `cd`, `hdd`, `sd_card` performs boot from their devices respectively. `bios_setup` performs boot into the native BIOS setup. `utilities` performs boot from the local utilities. `uefi_target` performs boot from the UEFI device path found in *uefi_target_boot_source_override*. If the *boot_source_override_target* is set to a value other than `none` then the *boot_source_override_enabled* is automatically set to `once` if *boot_source_override_enabled* is not provided. Changes to this options do not alter the BIOS persistent boot order configuration. This is required if *boot_source_override_enabled* is `once` or `continuous` for iDRAC 17G and later. This is not idempotent for iDRAC 17G and later. This is mutually exclusive with *boot_options*.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `job_wait` (Boolean) Provides the option to wait for job completion. This is applicable when *reset_type* is `force_reset` or `graceful_reset`.
- `job_wait_timeout` (Number) The maximum wait time of *job_wait* in seconds. The job is tracked only for this duration. This option is applicable when *job_wait* is `true`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reset_type` (String) `none` Host system is not rebooted and *job_wait* is not applicable. `force_restart` Forcefully reboot the Host system. `graceful_restart` Gracefully reboot the Host system.
- `resource_id` (String) Redfish ID of the resource.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uefi_target_boot_source_override` (String) The UEFI device path of the device from which to boot when *boot_source_override_target* is `uefi_target`. *boot_source_override_enabled* cannot be set to c(continuous) if *boot_source_override_target* set to `uefi_target` because this settings is defined in UEFI as a one-time-boot setting. Changes to this options do not alter the BIOS persistent boot order configuration. This is required if *boot_source_override_target* is `uefi_target`. This is mutually exclusive with *boot_options*.

### Read-Only

- `boot` (String) Configured boot settings details.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `job` (String) Configured job details.
- `msg` (String) Successfully updated the boot settings.
