---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attributes` (String) Payload data for the user operations. It can take the following attributes for `present`. UserTypeId, DirectoryServiceId, Description, Name, Password, UserName, RoleId, Locked, Enabled. OME will throw error if required parameter is not provided for operation. Refer OpenManage Enterprise API Reference Guide for more details.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Unique Name of the user to be deleted. Either *user_id* or *name* is mandatory for `absent` operation.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `present` creates a user in case the *UserName* provided inside *attributes* does not exist. `present` modifies a user in case the *UserName* provided inside *attributes* exists. `absent` deletes an existing user.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_id` (Number) Unique ID of the user to be deleted. Either *user_id* or *name* is mandatory for `absent` operation.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Overall status of the user operation.
- `user_status` (String) Details of the user operation, when *state* is `present`.
