---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_omevv_firmware Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_omevv_firmware (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `run_now` (Boolean) Whether to run the update job now or later. `true` runs the update job instantly. `false` runs the update at the specified *date_time*.
- `targets` (String) The target details for the firmware update operation. Either *cluster*, *servicetag* or *host* is required for the firmware update operation.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `check_vSAN_health` (Boolean) Check vSAN health while updating the firmware. `true` checks the vSAN health while updating the firmware. `false` does not check the vSAN health while updating the firmware.
- `date_time` (String) Date and time when the job must run. This is applicable when *run_now* is `false`. The supported format is YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss<offset>.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_job_queue` (Boolean) Whether to delete the job queue in iDRAC while updating firmware. `true` deletes the job queue in iDRAC while updating firmware. `false` does not delete the job queue in iDRAC while updating firmware.
- `drs_check` (Boolean) Allows you to check if DRS of the cluster is enabled or not. `true` checks if Distributed Resource Scheduler (DRS) of the cluster is enabled. `false` does not check if DRS of the cluster is enabled.
- `enter_maintenance_mode_options` (String) VM migration policy during management mode. `FULL_DATA_MIGRATION` for full data migration. `ENSURE_ACCESSIBILITY` for ensuring accessibility. `NO_DATA_MIGRATION` does not migrate any data.
- `enter_maintenance_mode_timeout` (Number) Time out value during maintenance mode in minutes.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `evacuate_VMs` (Boolean) Allows to move the virtual machine (VM) to other host when current host is powered off. `true` moves the VM to another host when the current host is powered off. `false` does not move the VM to another host when the current host is powered off.
- `exit_maintenance_mode` (Boolean) Whether to exit management mode after Update. `true` exits the management mode after Update. `false` does not exit the management mode after Update.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `job_description` (String) Update job description.
- `job_name` (String) Update job name.
- `job_wait` (Boolean) Whether to wait till completion of the job. This is applicable when *power_on* is `true`. `true` waits for job completion. `false` does not wait for job completion.
- `job_wait_timeout` (Number) The maximum wait time of *job_wait* in seconds. The job is tracked only for this duration. This option is applicable when *job_wait* is `true`.
- `maintenance_mode_count_check` (Boolean) Allows to check if any host in cluster is in management mode. `true` checks if any host in cluster is in management mode. `false` does not check if any host in cluster is in management mode.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reboot_options` (String) Host reboot option for firmware update. `FORCEREBOOT` will force reboot the server. `SAFEREBOOT` reboots the server in safe mode. `NEXTREBOOT` does not reboot the server.
- `reset_idrac` (Boolean) Whether to reset the iDRAC while performing firmware update. `true` resets the iDRAC while performing firmware update. `false` does not reset the iDRAC while performing firmware update.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the module HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Status of the firmware update operation.
