---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_license Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_license (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete` (Boolean) Delete the license from the iDRAC. When *delete* is `true`, then *license_id* is required. *delete* is mutually exclusive with *export* and *import*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `export` (Boolean) Export the license from the iDRAC. When *export* is `true`, *license_id* and *share_parameters* is required. *export* is mutually exclusive with *delete* and *import*.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `import` (Boolean) Import the license from the iDRAC. When *import* is `true`, *share_parameters* is required. *import* is mutually exclusive with *delete* and *export*.
- `license_id` (String) Entitlement ID of the license that is to be imported, exported or deleted. *license_id* is required when *delete* is `true` or *export* is `true`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resource_id` (String) Id of the resource. If the value for resource ID is not provided, the module picks the first resource ID available from the list of system resources returned by the iDRAC.
- `share_parameters` (String) Parameters that are required for the import and export operation of a license. *share_parameters* is required when *export* or *import* is `true`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `job_details` (String) Returns the output for status of the job.
- `msg` (String) Status of the license operation.
