---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_enterprise_sonic_sonic_pms Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_enterprise_sonic_sonic_pms (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config` (String) Specifies the port security interface configurations.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specifies the operation to be performed on the port security related interfaces configured on the device. In case of merged, the input configuration will be merged with the existing port security interfaces related configuration on the device. In case of deleted, the existing OSPFv2 interfaces configuration will be removed from the device. In case of overridden, all the existing OSPFv2 interfaces configuration will be deleted and the specified input configuration will be installed. In case of replaced, the existing interface configuration on the device will be replaced by the configuration in the playbook for each interface group configured by the playbook.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `after` (String) The configuration resulting from module invocation.
- `after(generated)` (String) The configuration that would be generated by non-check-mode module invocation.
- `before` (String) The configuration prior to the module invocation.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `commands` (String) The set of commands pushed to the remote device.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
