---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_application_alerts_smtp Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_application_alerts_smtp (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `destination_address` (String) The IP address or FQDN of the SMTP destination server.
- `enable_authentication` (Boolean) Enable or disable authentication to access the SMTP server. The *credentials* are mandatory if *enable_authentication* is `true`. The module will always report change when this is `true`.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `credentials` (String) The credentials for the SMTP server
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port_number` (Number) The port number of the SMTP destination server.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_ssl` (Boolean) Use SSL to connect with the SMTP server.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Overall status of the SMTP settings update.
- `smtp_details` (String) returned when SMTP settings are updated successfully.
