---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_redfish_firmware Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_redfish_firmware (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `image_uri` (String) Firmware Image location URI or local path. For example- http://<web_address>/components.exe or /home/firmware_repo/component.exe.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `job_wait` (Boolean) Provides the option to wait for job completion.
- `job_wait_timeout` (Number) The maximum wait time of *job_wait* in seconds. The job is tracked only for this duration. This option is applicable when *job_wait* is `true`. Note: If a firmware update needs a reboot, the job will get scheduled and waits for no of seconds specfied in *job_wait_time*. to reduce the wait time either give *job_wait_time* minimum or make *job_wait*as false and retrigger.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `transfer_protocol` (String) Protocol used to transfer the firmware image file. Applicable for URI based update.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of http error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Overall status of the firmware update task.
- `task` (String) Returns ID and URI of the created task.
