---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_omevv_baseline_profile Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_omevv_baseline_profile (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the baseline profile.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster` (String) List of cluster(s) for baseline profile creation. This parameter is required when *state* is `present` and while creating a new profile.
- `days` (String) Required days of a week on when the job must run. This is required when *state* is `present` and while creating a new profile.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the baseline profile.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `job_wait` (Boolean) Whether to wait till completion of the job.
- `job_wait_timeout` (Number) The maximum wait time of *job_wait* in seconds. The job is tracked only for this duration. This is applicable when *job_wait* is `true`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `repository_profile` (String) Repository profile for baseline creation. This is required when *state* is `present` and while creating a new profile.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `present` creates a baseline profile or modifies an existing profile if the profile with the same name already exists. `absent` deletes the baseline profile. *repository_profile*, *cluster*, *days* and *time* is required when creating a new baseline profile. Either *profile_name* or *profile_id* is required when *state* is `absent`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `time` (String) Time at when the job must run, and is 24 hours format. The format must be HH:MM. This is required when *state* is `present` and while creating a new profile.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the module HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Status of the profile operation.
