---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_devices Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_devices (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device_action` (String) `refresh_inventory` refreshes the inventory on the target devices. `reset_idrac` Triggers a reset on the target iDRACs. `clear_idrac_job_queue` Clears the job queue on the target iDRACs. A job is triggered for each action.
- `device_ids` (String) IDs of the target devices. This is mutually exclusive with *device_service_tags*.
- `device_service_tags` (String) Service tag of the target devices. This is mutually exclusive with *device_ids*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `job_description` (String) Optional description for the job.
- `job_name` (String) Optional name for the job.
- `job_schedule` (String) Provide the cron string to schedule the job.
- `job_wait` (Boolean) Provides an option to wait for the job completion. This option is applicable when *state* is `present`. This is applicable when *job_schedule* is `startnow`.
- `job_wait_timeout` (Number) The maximum wait time of *job_wait* in seconds. The job is tracked only for this duration. This option is applicable when *job_wait* is `true`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `present` Allows to perform the *device_action* on the target devices. `absent` Removes the device from OpenManage Enterprise. Job is not triggered. *job_wait*, *job_schedule*, *job_name*, and *job_description* are not applicable to this operation.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `job` (String) Job details of the devices operation.
- `msg` (String) Overall status of the devices operation.
