---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `user_name` (String) Provide the *user_name* of the account to be created, deleted or modified.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authentication_protocol` (String) This option allows to configure one of the following authentication protocol types to authenticate the iDRAC user. Secure Hash Algorithm `SHA`. Not applicable for iDRAC10. Message Digest 5 `MD5`. Not applicable for iDRAC10. Secure Hash Algorithm 384-bit `SHA-384`. Only applicable for iDRAC10. Secure Hash Algorithm 512-bit `SHA-512`. Only applicable for iDRAC10. An authentication protocol is not configured if `None` is selected.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `custom_privilege` (Number) The privilege level assigned to the user. Minimum value is 1 for iDRAC10.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable` (Boolean) Provide the option to enable or disable a user from logging in to iDRAC.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipmi_lan_privilege` (String) The Intelligent Platform Management Interface LAN privilege level assigned to the user.
- `ipmi_serial_privilege` (String) The Intelligent Platform Management Interface Serial Port privilege level assigned to the user. This option is only applicable for rack and tower servers.
- `new_user_name` (String) Provide the *user_name* for the account to be modified.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `privacy_protocol` (String) This option allows to configure one of the following privacy encryption protocols for the iDRAC user. Data Encryption Standard `DES`. Not applicable for iDRAC10. Advanced Encryption Standard `AES`. Not applicable for iDRAC10. Advanced Encryption Standard 256-bit `AES-256`. Only applicable for iDRAC9 and iDRAC10. A privacy protocol is not configured if `None` is selected.
- `privilege` (String) Following are the role-based privileges. A user with `Administrator` privilege can log in to iDRAC, and then configure iDRAC, configure users, clear logs, control and configure system, access virtual console, access virtual media, test alerts, and execute debug commands. A user with `Operator` privilege can log in to iDRAC, and then configure iDRAC, control and configure system, access virtual console, access virtual media, and execute debug commands. A user with `ReadOnly` privilege can only log in to iDRAC. A user with `None`, no privileges assigned. It is not applicable for iDRAC10. Will be ignored, if custom_privilege parameter is provided.
- `protocol_enable` (Boolean) Enables protocol for the iDRAC user.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sol_enable` (Boolean) Enables Serial Over Lan (SOL) for an iDRAC user.
- `state` (String) Select `present` to create or modify a user account. Select `absent` to remove a user account.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_password` (String) Provide the password for the user account. The password can be changed when the user account is modified. To ensure security, the *user_password* must be at least eight characters long and must contain lowercase and upper-case characters, numbers, and special characters.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Status of the iDRAC user configuration.
- `status` (String) Configures the iDRAC users attributes.
