---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_powerflex_protection_domain_v2 Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_powerflex_protection_domain_v2 (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) The state of the protection domain. Can be 'present' or 'absent'.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Used to indicate the state of the protection domain and to activate or deactivate it. When set to `true`, the protection domain will be in active state. When set to `false`, the protection domain will be in inactive state.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `protection_domain_id` (String) The ID of the protection domain. Except for create operation, all other operations can be performed using protection_domain_id. Mutually exclusive with *protection_domain_name*.
- `protection_domain_name` (String) The name of the protection domain. Mandatory for create operation. It is unique across the PowerFlex array. Mutually exclusive with *protection_domain_id*.
- `protection_domain_new_name` (String) Used to rename the protection domain.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `protection_domain_details` (String) Details of the protection domain.
