---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_device_quick_deploy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_device_quick_deploy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `quick_deploy_options` (String) The Quick Deploy settings for server and IOM quick deploy.
- `setting_type` (String) The type of the Quick Deploy settings to be applied. `ServerQuickDeploy` to apply the server Quick Deploy settings. `IOMQuickDeploy` to apply the IOM Quick Deploy settings.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device_id` (Number) The ID of the chassis for which the Quick Deploy settings to be deployed. If the device ID is not specified, this module updates the Quick Deploy settings for the *hostname*. *device_id* is mutually exclusive with *device_service_tag*.
- `device_service_tag` (String) The service tag of the chassis for which the Quick Deploy settings to be deployed. If the device service tag is not specified, this module updates the Quick Deploy settings for the *hostname*. *device_service_tag* is mutually exclusive with *device_id*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `job_wait` (Boolean) Determines whether to wait for the job completion or not.
- `job_wait_timeout` (Number) The maximum wait time of *job_wait* in seconds. The job is tracked only for this duration. This option is applicable when *job_wait* is `true`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `job_id` (Number) The job ID of the submitted quick deploy job.
- `msg` (String) Overall status of the device quick deploy settings.
- `quick_deploy_settings` (String) returned when quick deploy settings are deployed successfully.
