---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_firmware Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_firmware (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `share_name` (String) Network share path of update repository. CIFS, NFS, HTTP, HTTPS and FTP share types are supported.

### Optional

- `apply_update` (Boolean) If *apply_update* is set to `true`, then the packages are applied. If *apply_update* is set to `false`, no updates are applied, and a catalog report of packages is generated and returned.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `catalog_file_name` (String) Catalog file name relative to the *share_name*.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_cert_warning` (Boolean) Specifies if certificate warnings are ignored when HTTPS share is used. If `true` option is set, then the certificate warnings are ignored.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `job_wait` (Boolean) Whether to wait for job completion or not.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `proxy_passwd` (String) The password for the proxy server.
- `proxy_port` (Number) The Port for the proxy server. This is required when *proxy_support* is `ParametersProxy`.
- `proxy_server` (String) The IP address of the proxy server. This IP will not be validated. The download job will be created even for invalid *proxy_server*. Please check the results of the job for error details. This is required when *proxy_support* is `ParametersProxy`.
- `proxy_support` (String) Specifies if a proxy should be used. Proxy parameters are applicable on `HTTP`, `HTTPS`, and `FTP` share type of repositories. `ParametersProxy`, sets the proxy parameters for the current firmware operation. `DefaultProxy`, iDRAC uses the proxy values set by default. Default Proxy can be set in the Lifecycle Controller attributes using `dellemc.openmanage.idrac_attributes`. `Off`, will not use the proxy. For iDRAC8 based servers, use proxy server with basic authentication. For iDRAC9 based servers, ensure that you use digest authentication for the proxy server, basic authentication is not supported.
- `proxy_type` (String) The proxy type of the proxy server. This is required when *proxy_support* is `ParametersProxy`. Note: SOCKS4 proxy does not support IPv6 address.
- `proxy_uname` (String) The user name for the proxy server.
- `reboot` (Boolean) Provides the option to apply the update packages immediately or in the next reboot. If *reboot* is set to `true`,  then the packages  are applied immediately. If *reboot* is set to `false`, then the packages are staged and applied in the next reboot. Packages that do not require a reboot are applied immediately irrespective of I (reboot).
- `share_mnt` (String) Local mount path of the network share with read-write permission for ansible user. This option is not applicable for HTTP, HTTPS, and FTP shares.
- `share_password` (String) Network share user password. This option is mandatory for CIFS Network Share.
- `share_user` (String) Network share user in the format 'user@domain' or 'domain\\user' if user is part of a domain else 'user'. This option is mandatory for CIFS Network Share.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Overall firmware update status.
- `update_status` (String) Firmware Update job and progress details from the iDRAC.
