---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_profile_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_profile_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `profile_id` (Number) Id of the profile. This is mutually exclusive with *profile_name*, *system_query_options*, *template_id*, and *template_name*.
- `profile_name` (String) Name of the profile. This is mutually exclusive with *template_id*, *profile_id*, *system_query_options*, and *template_name*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `system_query_options` (String) Option for providing supported odata filters. The profile list can be fetched and sorted based on ProfileName, TemplateName, TargetTypeId, TargetName, ChassisName, ProfileState, LastRunStatus, or ProfileModified. This is mutually exclusive with *profile_name*, *profile_id*, *template_id*, and *template_name*. `Note` If *profile_name*, *profile_id*, *template_id*, or *template_name* option is not provided, the module retrieves all the profiles.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template_id` (Number) Provide the ID of the template to retrieve the list of profile(s) linked to it. This is mutually exclusive with *profile_name*, *profile_id*, *system_query_options*, and *template_name*.
- `template_name` (String) Provide the name of the template to retrieve the list of profile(s) linked to it. This is mutually exclusive with *profile_name*, *profile_id*, *template_id*, and *system_query_options*.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Status of profile information retrieval.
- `profile_info` (String) Information about the profile.
