---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_configuration_compliance_baseline Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_configuration_compliance_baseline (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `names` (String) Name(s) of the configuration compliance baseline. This option is applicable when *command* is `create`, `modify`, or `delete`. Provide the list of configuration compliance baselines names that are supported when *command* is `delete`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `command` (String) `create` creates a configuration baseline from an existing compliance template.`create` supports `check_mode` or idempotency checking for only *names*. `modify` modifies an existing baseline.Only *names*, *description*, *device_ids*, *device_service_tags*, and *device_group_names* can be modified *WARNING* When a baseline is modified, the provided *device_ids*, *device_group_names*, and *device_service_tags* replaces the devices previously present in the baseline. `delete` deletes the list of configuration compliance baselines based on the baseline name. Invalid baseline names are ignored. `remediate` remediates devices that are non-compliant with the baseline by changing the attributes of devices to match with the associated baseline attributes. `remediate` is performed on all the non-compliant devices if either *device_ids*, or *device_service_tags* is not provided.
- `cron` (String) Provide a cron expression based on Quartz cron format. Time format is "%S %M %H %d %m ? %Y". This is applicable when *run_later* is `true`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the compliance baseline. This option is applicable when *command* is `create`, or `modify`.
- `device_group_names` (String) Name of the target device group. This option is applicable when *command* is `create`, or `modify` and is mutually exclusive with *device_ids* and *device_service_tag*.
- `device_ids` (String) IDs of the target devices. This option is applicable when *command* is `create`, `modify`, or `remediate`, and is mutually exclusive with *device_service_tag* and *device_group_names*.
- `device_service_tags` (String) Service tag of the target device. This option is applicable when *command* is `create`, `modify`, or `remediate` and is mutually exclusive with *device_ids* and *device_group_names*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `job_wait` (Boolean) Provides the option to wait for job completion. This option is applicable when *command* is `create`, `modify`, or `remediate`.
- `job_wait_timeout` (Number) The maximum wait time of *job_wait* in seconds.The job will only be tracked for this duration. This option is applicable when *job_wait* is `true`.
- `new_name` (String) New name of the compliance baseline to be modified. This option is applicable when *command* is `modify`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `run_later` (Boolean) Indicates whether to remediate immediately or in the future. This is applicable when *command* is `remediate`. If *run_later* is `true`, then *staged_at_reboot* is ignored. If *run_later* is `true`, then *job_wait* is not applicable. If *run_later* is `true`, then *cron* must be specified.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `staged_at_reboot` (Boolean) Indicates whether remediate has to be executed on next reboot. If *staged_at_reboot* is `true`, then remediation will occur during the next reboot.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template_id` (Number) ID of the deployment template to be used for creating a compliance baseline. This option is applicable when *command* is `create` and is mutually exclusive with *template_name*.
- `template_name` (String) Name of the compliance template for creating the compliance baseline(s). Name of the deployment template to be used for creating a compliance baseline. This option is applicable when *command* is `create` and is mutually exclusive with *template_id*.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `compliance_status` (String) Status of compliance baseline operation.
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `incompatible_devices` (String) Details of the devices which cannot be used to perform baseline compliance operations
- `job_details` (String) Details of the failed job.
- `job_id` (Number) Task ID created when *command* is `remediate`.
- `msg` (String) Overall status of the configuration compliance baseline operation.
