---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_network_vlan Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_network_vlan (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Provide the *name* of the VLAN to be created, deleted or modified.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Short description of the VLAN to be created or modified.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `new_name` (String) Provide the *name* of the VLAN to be modified.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `present` creates a new VLAN or modifies an existing VLAN. `absent` deletes an existing VLAN. *WARNING* Deleting a VLAN can impact the network infrastructure.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Types of supported VLAN networks. For the description of each network type, use API https://I(hostname/api/NetworkConfigurationService/NetworkTypes).
- `vlan_maximum` (Number) The maximum VLAN value of the range. A single value VLAN is created if the vlan_maximum and vlan_minmum values are the same.
- `vlan_minimum` (Number) The minimum VLAN value of the range.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Overall status of the VLAN operation.
- `vlan_status` (String) Details of the VLAN that is either created or modified.
