---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_unity_consistencygroup Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_unity_consistencygroup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) Define whether the consistency group should exist or not.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cg_id` (String) The ID of the consistency group. It can be used only for get, modify, add/remove volumes, or delete operations.
- `cg_name` (String) The name of the consistency group. It is mandatory for the create operation. Specify either *cg_name* or *cg_id* (but not both) for any operation.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the consistency group.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hosts` (String) This is a list of hosts. Either the host ID or name must be provided for mapping/unmapping hosts for a consistency group. If *hosts* are given, then *mapping_state* should also be specified. Hosts cannot be mapped to a consistency group, if the consistency group has no volumes. When a consistency group is being mapped to the host, users should not use the volume module to map the volumes in the consistency group to hosts.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mapping_state` (String) String variable, describes the state of hosts inside the consistency group. If *hosts* are given, then *mapping_state* should also be specified.
- `new_cg_name` (String) The new name of the consistency group, used in rename operation.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `replication_params` (String) Settings required for enabling replication.
- `replication_state` (String) State of the replication.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snap_schedule` (String) Snapshot schedule assigned to the consistency group. Specifying an empty string "" removes the existing snapshot schedule from consistency group.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tiering_policy` (String) Tiering policy choices for how the storage resource data will be distributed among the tiers available in the pool.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vol_state` (String) String variable, describes the state of volumes inside consistency group. If *volumes* are given, then *vol_state* should also be specified.
- `volumes` (String) This is a list of volumes. Either the volume ID or name must be provided for adding/removing existing volumes from consistency group. If *volumes* are given, then *vol_state* should also be specified. Volumes cannot be added/removed from consistency group, if the consistency group or the volume has snapshots.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `consistency_group_details` (String) Details of the consistency group.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
