---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_unity_volume Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_unity_volume (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) State variable to determine whether volume will exist or not.

### Optional

- `advanced_dedup` (Boolean) Boolean variable, Indicates whether or not to enable advanced deduplication. Compression should be enabled to enable advanced deduplication. It can only be enabled on the all flash high end platforms. Deduplicated data will remain as is even after advanced deduplication is disabled.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cap_unit` (String) The unit of the volume size. It defaults to `GB`, if not specified.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `compression` (Boolean) Boolean variable, Specifies whether or not to enable compression. Compression is supported only for thin volumes.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description about the volume. Description can be removed by passing empty string ("").
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hlu` (Number) Host Lun Unit to be mapped/unmapped with this volume. It is an optional parameter, hlu can be specified along with *host_name* or *host_id* and *mapping_state*. If *hlu* is not specified, unity will choose it automatically. The maximum value supported is `255`.
- `host_name` (String) Name of the host to be mapped/unmapped with this volume. Either *host_name* or *host_id* can be specified in one task along with *mapping_state*.
- `hosts` (String) Name of hosts for mapping to a volume.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `io_limit_policy` (String) IO limit policy associated with this volume. Once it is set, it cannot be removed through ansible module but it can be changed.
- `is_thin` (Boolean) Boolean variable, Specifies whether or not it is a thin volume. The value is set as `true` by default if not specified.
- `mapping_state` (String) State of host access for volume.
- `new_vol_name` (String) New name of the volume for rename operation.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pool_id` (String) This is the id of the pool where the volume will be created. Either the *pool_name* or *pool_id* must be provided to create a new volume.
- `pool_name` (String) This is the name of the pool where the volume will be created. Either the *pool_name* or *pool_id* must be provided to create a new volume.
- `size` (Number) The size of the volume.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snap_schedule` (String) Snapshot schedule assigned to the volume. Add/Remove/Modify the snapshot schedule for the volume.
- `sp` (String) Storage Processor for this volume.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tiering_policy` (String) Tiering policy choices for how the storage resource data will be distributed among the tiers available in the pool.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vol_id` (String) The id of the volume. It can be used only for get, modify, map/unmap host, or delete operation.
- `vol_name` (String) The name of the volume. Mandatory only for create operation.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `volume_details` (String) Details of the volume.
