---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_template_network_vlan Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_template_network_vlan (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `nic_identifier` (String) Display name of NIC port in the template for VLAN configuration.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `propagate_vlan` (Boolean) To deploy the modified VLAN settings immediately without rebooting the server. This option will be applied only when there are changes to the VLAN configuration.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tagged_networks` (String) List of tagged VLANs and their corresponding NIC ports.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template_id` (Number) Id of the template. It is mutually exclusive with *template_name*.
- `template_name` (String) Name of the template. It is mutually exclusive with *template_id*.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `untagged_networks` (String) List of untagged networks and their corresponding NIC ports.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Overall status of the template vlan operation.
