---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_redfish_storage_controller Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_redfish_storage_controller (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `apply_time` (String) Apply time of the *attributes*. This is applicable only to *attributes*. `Immediate` Allows the user to immediately reboot the host and apply the changes. *job_wait* is applicable. `OnReset` Allows the user to apply the changes on the next reboot of the host server. `AtMaintenanceWindowStart` Allows the user to apply at the start of a maintenance window as specified in *maintenance_window*. `InMaintenanceWindowOnReset` Allows to apply after a manual reset but within the maintenance window as specified in *maintenance_window*. Only `Immediate` and `OnReset` are supported for 17G.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attributes` (String) Dictionary of controller attributes and value pair. This feature is only supported for iDRAC9 with firmware version 6.00.00.00 and above *controller_id* is required for this operation. *apply_time* and *maintenance_window* is applicable for *attributes*. *attributes* is mutually exclusive with *command*. Use https://I(idrac_ip/redfish/v1/Schemas/DellOemStorageController.json) to view the attributes. `BackgroundInitializationRatePercent` and `ReconstructRatePercent` are supported parameters for iDRAC 10.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `command` (String) These actions may require a system reset, depending on the capabilities of the controller. `ResetConfig` - Deletes all the virtual disks and unassigns all hot spares on physical disks. *controller_id* is required for this operation. `AssignSpare` - Assigns a physical disk as a dedicated or global hot spare for a virtual disk. *target* is required for this operation. `SetControllerKey` - Sets the key on controllers, which is used to encrypt the drives in Local Key Management(LKM). *controller_id*, *key*, and *key_id* are required for this operation. `RemoveControllerKey` - Deletes the encryption key on the controller. *controller_id* is required for this operation. `ReKey` - Resets the key on the controller and it always reports as changes found when check mode is enabled. *controller_id*, *old_key*, *key_id*, and *key* is required for this operation. `UnassignSpare` - To unassign the Global or Dedicated hot spare. *target* is required for this operation. `EnableControllerEncryption` - To enable Local Key Management (LKM) or Secure Enterprise Key Manager (SEKM) on controllers that support encryption of the drives. *controller_id*, *key*, and *key_id* are required for this operation. `BlinkTarget` - Blinks the target virtual drive or physical disk and it always reports as changes found when check mode is enabled. *target* or *volume_id* is required for this operation. `UnBlinkTarget` - Unblink the target virtual drive or physical disk and and it always reports as changes found when check mode is enabled. *target* or *volume_id* is required for this operation. `ConvertToRAID` - Converts the disk form non-Raid to Raid. *target* is required for this operation. `ConvertToNonRAID` - Converts the disk form Raid to non-Raid. *target* is required for this operation. `ChangePDStateToOnline` - To set the disk status to online. *target* is required for this operation. `ChangePDStateToOffline` - To set the disk status to offline. *target* is required for this operation. `LockVirtualDisk` - To encrypt the virtual disk. *volume_id* is required for this operation. `OnlineCapacityExpansion` - To expand the size of virtual disk. *volume_id*, and *target* or *size* is required for this operation. `SecureErase` - To delete all the data on the physical disk securely. This option is available for Self-Encrypting Drives (SED), Instant Scramble Erase (ISE) drives, and PCIe SSD devices (drives and cards). The drives must be in a ready state. *controller_id* and *target* are required for this operation, *target* must be a single physical disk ID. If a secure erase needs a reboot, the job will get scheduled and waits for no of seconds specfied in *job_wait_time*, to reduce the wait time either give *job_wait_time* minimum or make *job_wait* as false. `EnableSecurity` - To enable security on a storage controller. Only Applicable for 17G and above. `DisableSecurity` - To disable security on a storage controller. Only Applicable for 17G and above. `SetControllerKey`, `RemoveControllerKey`, `ReKey` and `EnableControllerEncryption` are only supported for 16G and below. Blinking of virtual disk is not supported for 17G and above.
- `controller_id` (String) Fully Qualified Device Descriptor (FQDD) of the storage controller. For example-'RAID.Slot.1-1'. This option is mandatory when *command* is `ResetConfig`, `SetControllerKey`, `RemoveControllerKey`, `ReKey`, or `EnableControllerEncryption`. This option is mandatory for *attributes*.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `job_wait` (Boolean) Provides the option if the module has to wait for the job to be completed. This is applicable for *attributes* when *apply_time* is `Immediate` and when *command* is `SecureErase`.
- `job_wait_timeout` (Number) The maximum wait time of job completion in seconds before the job tracking is stopped. This option is applicable when *job_wait* is `true`. Note: When *command* is `SecureErase`, If a secure erase needs a reboot, the job will get scheduled and waits for no of seconds specfied in *job_wait_time*, to reduce the wait time either give *job_wait_time* a lesser value or make *job_wait* as false.
- `key` (String) A new security key passphrase that the encryption-capable controller uses to create the encryption key. The controller uses the encryption key to lock or unlock access to the Self-Encrypting Drive (SED). Only one encryption key can be created for each controller. This is mandatory when *command* is `SetControllerKey`, `ReKey`, or `EnableControllerEncryption` and when *mode* is `LKM`. The length of the key can be a maximum of 32 characters in length, where the expanded form of the special character is counted as a single character. The key must contain at least one character from each of the character classes: uppercase, lowercase, number, and special character.
- `key_id` (String) This is a user supplied text label associated with the passphrase. This is mandatory when *command* is `SetControllerKey`, `ReKey`, or `EnableControllerEncryption` and when *mode* is `LKM`. The length of *key_id* can be a maximum of 32 characters in length and should not have any spaces.
- `maintenance_window` (String) Option to schedule the maintenance window. This is required when *apply_time* is `AtMaintenanceWindowStart` or `InMaintenanceWindowOnReset`.
- `mode` (String) Encryption mode of the encryption capable controller. This option is applicable only when *command* is `ReKey` or `EnableControllerEncryption`. `SEKM` requires secure enterprise key manager license on the iDRAC. `LKM` to choose mode as local key mode.
- `old_key` (String) Security key passphrase used by the encryption-capable controller. This option is mandatory when *command* is `ReKey` and *mode* is `LKM`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `size` (Number) Capacity of the virtual disk to be expanded in MB. Check mode and Idempotency is not supported for *size*. Minimum Online Capacity Expansion size must be greater than 100 MB of the current size. When *command* is `OnlineCapacityExpansion`, then *size* is mutually exclusive with *target*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target` (String) Fully Qualified Device Descriptor (FQDD) of the target physical drive. This is mandatory when *command* is `AssignSpare`, `UnassisgnSpare`, `ChangePDStateToOnline`, `ChangePDStateToOffline`, `ConvertToRAID`, or `ConvertToNonRAID`. If *volume_id* is not specified or empty, this physical drive will be assigned as a global hot spare when *command* is `AssignSpare`. When *command* is `OnlineCapacityExpansion`, then *target* is mutually exclusive with *size*. Notes: Global or Dedicated hot spare can be assigned only once for a physical disk, Re-assign cannot be done when *command* is `AssignSpare`.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `volume_id` (String) Fully Qualified Device Descriptor (FQDD) of the volume. Applicable if *command* is `AssignSpare`, `BlinkTarget`, `UnBlinkTarget` or `LockVirtualDisk`. *volume_id* or *target* is required when the *command* is `BlinkTarget` or `UnBlinkTarget`, if both are specified *target* is considered. To know the number of volumes to which a hot spare can be assigned, refer iDRAC Redfish API documentation.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of a http error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Overall status of the storage controller configuration operation.
- `status` (String) status of the submitted job.
- `task` (String) ID and URI resource of the job created.
