---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_redfish_firmware_rollback Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_redfish_firmware_rollback (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name or regular expression of the component to match and is case-sensitive. The Name should be a supported rollback component. To view the list of rollback components for iDRAC9 and above, see, https://I(idrac_ip/redfish/v1/UpdateService/FirmwareInventory?$expand=*($levels=1)'

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reboot` (Boolean) Reboot the server to apply the previous version of the firmware. `true` reboots the server to rollback the firmware to the available version. `false` schedules the rollback of firmware until the next restart. When *reboot* is `false`, some components update immediately, and the server may reboot. So, the module must wait till the server is accessible.
- `reboot_timeout` (Number) Wait time in seconds. The module waits for this duration till the server reboots.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Overall firmware rollback status.
- `status` (String) Firmware rollback job and progress details from the iDRAC.
