---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_powerflex_mdm_cluster Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_powerflex_mdm_cluster (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) State of the MDM cluster.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clear_interfaces` (Boolean) Clear all virtual IP interfaces. The *clear_interfaces* is mutually exclusive with *virtual_ip_interfaces*.
- `cluster_mode` (String) Mode of the cluster.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_primary` (Boolean) Set *is_primary* as `true` to change MDM cluster ownership from the current master MDM to different MDM. Set *is_primary* as `false`, will return MDM cluster details. New owner MDM must be an MDM with a manager role.
- `mdm` (String) Specifies parameters to add/remove MDMs to/from the MDM cluster.
- `mdm_id` (String) The ID of the MDM. Mutually exclusive with *mdm_name*.
- `mdm_name` (String) The name of the MDM. It is unique across the PowerFlex array. Mutually exclusive with *mdm_id*. If mdm_name passed in add standby operation, then same name will be assigned to the new standby mdm.
- `mdm_new_name` (String) To rename the MDM.
- `mdm_state` (String) Mapping state of MDM.
- `performance_profile` (String) Apply performance profile to cluster MDMs.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `standby_mdm` (String) Specifies add standby MDM parameters.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `virtual_ip_interfaces` (String) List of interfaces to be used for virtual IPs. The order of interfaces must be matched with virtual IPs assigned to the cluster. Interfaces of the primary and secondary type MDMs are allowed to modify. The *virtual_ip_interfaces* is mutually exclusive with *clear_interfaces*.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `mdm_cluster_details` (String) Details of the MDM cluster.
