---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_unity_cifsserver Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_unity_cifsserver (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) Define whether the CIFS server should exist or not.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cifs_server_id` (String) The ID of the CIFS server.
- `cifs_server_name` (String) The name of the CIFS server.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) The domain name where the SMB server is registered in Active Directory.
- `domain_password` (String) Active Directory domain password.
- `domain_username` (String) Active Directory domain user name.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interfaces` (String) List of file IP interfaces that service CIFS protocol of SMB server.
- `local_password` (String) Standalone SMB server administrator password.
- `nas_server_id` (String) ID of the NAS server on which CIFS server will be hosted.
- `nas_server_name` (String) Name of the NAS server on which CIFS server will be hosted.
- `netbios_name` (String) The computer name of the SMB server in Windows network.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unjoin_cifs_server_account` (Boolean) Keep SMB server account unjoined in Active Directory after deletion. `false` specifies keep SMB server account joined after deletion. `true` specifies unjoin SMB server account from Active Directory before deletion.
- `workgroup` (String) Standalone SMB server workgroup.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cifs_server_details` (String) Details of the CIFS server.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
