---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_application_network_address Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_application_network_address (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dns_configuration` (String) Domain Name System(DNS) settings.
- `enable_nic` (Boolean) Enable or disable Network Interface Card (NIC) configuration.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interface_name` (String) If there are multiple interfaces, network configuration changes can be applied to a single interface using the interface name of the NIC. If this option is not specified, Primary interface is chosen by default.
- `ipv4_configuration` (String) IPv4 network configuration. *Warning* Ensure that you have an alternate interface to access OpenManage Enterprise as these options can change the current IPv4 address for *hostname*.
- `ipv6_configuration` (String) IPv6 network configuration. *Warning* Ensure that you have an alternate interface to access OpenManage Enterprise as these options can change the current IPv6 address for *hostname*.
- `management_vlan` (String) vLAN configuration. These settings are applicable for OpenManage Enterprise Modular.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reboot_delay` (Number) The time in seconds, after which settings are applied. This option is not mandatory.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `job_info` (String) Details of the job to update in case OME version is >= 3.3.
- `msg` (String) Overall status of the network address configuration change.
- `network_configuration` (String) Updated application network address configuration.
