---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_system_erase Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_system_erase (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `component` (String) List of system and storage components that can be deleted. The following are the supported components. AllApps BIOS CryptographicErasePD DIAG DPU DrvPack IDRAC LCData NonVolatileMemory OverwritePD PERCNVCache ReinstallFW vFlash
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `job_wait` (Boolean) Whether to wait till completion of the job. This is applicable when *power_on* is `true`. `true` waits for job completion. `false` does not wait for job completion.
- `job_wait_timeout` (Number) The maximum wait time of *job_wait* in seconds. The job is tracked only for this duration. This option is applicable when *job_wait* is `true`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `power_on` (Boolean) This parameter allows you to power on the server after the erase operation is completed. This is applicable when *job_wait* is `true`. `true` power on the server. `false` does not power on the server.
- `resource_id` (String) Manager ID of the iDRAC.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `job_details` (String) Returns the output for status of the job.
- `msg` (String) Status of the component system erase operation.
