---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_bios Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_bios (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `apply_time` (String) Apply time of the *attributes*. This is applicable only to *attributes*. `Immediate` Allows the user to immediately reboot the host and apply the changes. *job_wait* is applicable. `OnReset` Allows the user to apply the changes on the next reboot of the host server. `AtMaintenanceWindowStart` Allows the user to apply at the start of a maintenance window as specified in *maintenance_window*. A reboot job will be scheduled. `InMaintenanceWindowOnReset` Allows to apply after a manual reset but within the maintenance window as specified in *maintenance_window*.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attributes` (String) Dictionary of BIOS attributes and value pair. Attributes should be part of the Redfish Dell BIOS Attribute Registry. Use https://I(idrac_ip/redfish/v1/Systems/System.Embedded.1/Bios) to view the Redfish URI. This is mutually exclusive with *boot_sources*, *clear_pending*, and *reset_bios*.
- `boot_sources` (String) (deprecated)List of boot devices to set the boot sources settings. *boot_sources* is mutually exclusive with *attributes*, *clear_pending*, and *reset_bios*. *job_wait* is not applicable. The module waits till the completion of this task. This feature is deprecated, please use `dellemc.openmanage.idrac_boot` for configuring boot sources.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clear_pending` (Boolean) Allows the user to clear all pending BIOS attributes changes. `true` will discard any pending changes to bios attributes or remove job if in scheduled state. This operation will not create any job. `false` will not perform any operation. This is mutually exclusive with *boot_sources*, *attributes*, and *reset_bios*. `Note` Any BIOS job scheduled due to boot sources configuration will not be cleared.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `job_wait` (Boolean) Provides the option to wait for job completion. This is applicable for *attributes* when *apply_time* is `Immediate`.
- `job_wait_timeout` (Number) The maximum wait time of *job_wait* in seconds. The job is tracked only for this duration. This option is applicable when *job_wait* is `true`.
- `maintenance_window` (String) Option to schedule the maintenance window. This is required when *apply_time* is `AtMaintenanceWindowStart` or `InMaintenanceWindowOnReset`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reset_bios` (Boolean) Resets the BIOS to default settings and triggers a reboot of host system. This is applied to the host after the restart. This operation will not create any job. `false` will not perform any operation. This is mutually exclusive with *boot_sources*, *attributes*, and *clear_pending*. When `true`, this action will always report as changes found to be applicable.
- `reset_type` (String) `force_restart` Forcefully reboot the host system. `graceful_restart` Gracefully reboot the host system. This is applicable for *reset_bios*, and *attributes* when *apply_time* is `Immediate`.
- `share_mnt` (String) (deprecated)Local mount path of the network share with read-write permission for ansible user. This option is mandatory for network shares.
- `share_name` (String) (deprecated)Network share or a local path.
- `share_password` (String) (deprecated)Network share user password. This option is mandatory for CIFS share.
- `share_user` (String) (deprecated)Network share user name. Use the format 'user@domain' or domain//user if user is part of a domain. This option is mandatory for CIFS share.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `invalid_attributes` (String) Dict of invalid attributes provided.
- `msg` (String) Status of the job for *boot_sources* or status of the action performed on bios.
- `status_msg` (String) Overall status of the bios operation.
