---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_device_network_services Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_device_network_services (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device_id` (Number) The ID of the chassis for which the settings need to be updated. If the device ID is not specified, this module updates the network services settings for the *hostname*. *device_id* is mutually exclusive with *device_service_tag*.
- `device_service_tag` (String) The service tag of the chassis for which the setting needs to be updated. If the device service tag is not specified, this module updates the network services settings for the *hostname*. *device_service_tag* is mutually exclusive with *device_id*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remote_racadm_settings` (String) The settings for remote RACADM configuration.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snmp_settings` (String) The settings for SNMP configuration.
- `ssh_settings` (String) The settings for SSH configuration.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Overall status of the network services settings.
- `network_services_details` (String) returned when network services settings are updated successfully.
