---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_certificates Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_certificates (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cert_params` (String) Certificate parameters to generate signing request.
- `certificate_path` (String) Absolute path of the certificate file if *command* is `import`. Directory path with write permissions if *command* is `generate_csr` or `export`.
- `certificate_type` (String) Type of the iDRAC certificate. `HTTPS` The Dell self-signed SSL certificate. `CA` Certificate Authority(CA) signed SSL certificate. `CUSTOMCERTIFICATE` The custom PKCS12 certificate and private key. Export of custom certificate is supported only on iDRAC firmware version 7.00.00.00 and above. `CSC` The custom signing SSL certificate. `CLIENT_TRUST_CERTIFICATE` Client trust certificate.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `command` (String) `generate_csr`, generate CSR. This requires *cert_params* and *certificate_path*. This is applicable only for `HTTPS` `import`, import the certificate file. This requires *certificate_path*. `export`, export the certificate. This requires *certificate_path*. `reset`, reset the certificate to default settings. This is applicable only for `HTTPS`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `passphrase` (String) The passphrase string if the certificate to be imported is passphrase protected.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reset` (Boolean) To reset the iDRAC after the certificate operation. This is applicable when *command* is `import` or `reset`.
- `resource_id` (String) Redfish ID of the resource.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssl_key` (String) Absolute path of the private or SSL key file. This is applicable only when *command* is `import` and *certificate_type* is `HTTPS`. Uploading the SSL key to iDRAC is supported on firmware version 6.00.02.00 and above.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Number) Maximum wait time for iDRAC to start after the reset, in seconds. This is applicable when *command* is `import` or `reset` and *reset* is `true`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Status of the certificate configuration operation.
