---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_timezone_ntp Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_idrac_timezone_ntp (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable_ntp` (String) Allows to enable or disable NTP on iDRAC.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ntp_server_1` (String) The IP address of the NTP server 1.
- `ntp_server_2` (String) The IP address of the NTP server 2.
- `ntp_server_3` (String) The IP address of the NTP server 3.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `setup_idrac_timezone` (String) Allows to configure time zone on iDRAC.
- `share_mnt` (String) (deprecated)Local mount path of the network share with read-write permission for ansible user. This option is mandatory for network shares. This option is deprecated and will be removed in the later version.
- `share_name` (String) (deprecated)Network share or a local path. This option is deprecated and will be removed in the later version.
- `share_password` (String) (deprecated)Network share user password. This option is mandatory for CIFS share. This option is deprecated and will be removed in the later version.
- `share_user` (String) (deprecated)Network share user name. Use the format 'user@domain' or 'domain\\user' if user is part of a domain. This option is mandatory for CIFS share. This option is deprecated and will be removed in the later version.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Overall status of the timezone and ntp configuration.
- `timezone_ntp_status` (String) Job details of the time zone setting operation.
