---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_unity_filesystem_snapshot Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_unity_filesystem_snapshot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) The state option is used to mention the existence of the filesystem snapshot.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_delete` (Boolean) This option specifies whether or not the filesystem snapshot will be automatically deleted. If set to `true`, the filesystem snapshot will expire based on the pool auto deletion policy. If set to `false`, the filesystem snapshot will not be auto deleted based on the pool auto deletion policy. Option *auto_delete* can not be set to `true`, if *expiry_time* is specified. If during creation neither *auto_delete* nor *expiry_time* is mentioned then the filesystem snapshot will be created keeping *auto_delete* as `true`. Once the *expiry_time* is set, then the filesystem snapshot cannot be assigned to the auto delete policy.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The additional information about the filesystem snapshot can be provided using this option. The description can be removed by passing an empty string.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `expiry_time` (String) This option is for specifying the date and time after which the filesystem snapshot will expire. The time is to be mentioned in UTC timezone. The format is "MM/DD/YYYY HH:MM". Year must be in 4 digits.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filesystem_id` (String) The ID of the Filesystem for which snapshot is created. For creation of filesystem snapshot either *filesystem_id* or *filesystem_name* is required. Not required for other operations.
- `filesystem_name` (String) The name of the Filesystem for which snapshot is created. For creation of filesystem snapshot either *filesystem_name* or *filesystem_id* is required. Not required for other operations.
- `fs_access_type` (String) Access type of the filesystem snapshot. Required only during creation of filesystem snapshot. If not given, snapshot's access type will be `Checkpoint`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `nas_server_id` (String) The ID of the NAS server in which the Filesystem is created. For creation of filesystem snapshot either *filesystem_id* or *filesystem_name* is required. Not required for other operations.
- `nas_server_name` (String) The name of the NAS server in which the Filesystem is created. For creation of filesystem snapshot either *nas_server_name* or *nas_server_id* is required. Not required for other operations.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot_id` (String) During creation snapshot_id is auto generated. For all other operations either *snapshot_id* or *snapshot_name* is required.
- `snapshot_name` (String) The name of the filesystem snapshot. Mandatory parameter for creating a filesystem snapshot. For all other operations either *snapshot_name* or *snapshot_id* is required.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `filesystem_snapshot_details` (String) Details of the filesystem snapshot.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
