---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_alert_policies Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_alert_policies (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of an alert policy or a list of alert policies. More than one policy name is applicable when *state* is `absent` and *state* is `present` with only *enable* provided.

### Optional

- `actions` (String) Actions to be triggered for the alert policy. This parameter is case-sensitive. This is mandatory for creating a policy and optional for updating a policy. This is applicable only when *state* is `present`
- `all_devices` (Boolean) This option indicates whether the alert policy is applicable to all the discovered and undiscovered devices or not. This option is mutually exclusive with *device_service_tag*, *specific_undiscovered_devices*, *any_undiscovered_devices* and *device_group*. This is applicable only when *state* is `present`.
- `any_undiscovered_devices` (Boolean) This option indicates whether the alert policy is applicable to any undiscovered devices or not. This option is mutually exclusive with *device_service_tag*, *specific_undiscovered_devices*, *device_group* and *all_devices*. This is applicable only when *state* is `present`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `category` (String) Category of the alerts received. This is mutually exclusive with the *message_ids*, *message_file*. This is fetched from the `dellemc.openmanage.ome_alert_policies_category_info`. This is applicable only when *state* is `present`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `date_and_time` (String) Specifies the schedule for when the alert policy is applicable. *date_and_time* is mandatory for creating a policy and optional when updating a policy. This is applicable only when *state* is `present`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description for the alert policy. This is applicable only when *state* is `present`
- `device_group` (String) List of device group names on which the alert policy is applicable. This option is mutually exclusive with *device_service_tag*, *specific_undiscovered_devices*, *any_undiscovered_devices* and *all_devices* . This is applicable only when *state* is `present`
- `device_service_tag` (String) List of device service tags on which the alert policy will be applicable. This option is mutually exclusive with *device_group*, *specific_undiscovered_devices*, *any_undiscovered_devices* and *all_devices*. This is applicable only when *state* is `present`
- `enable` (Boolean) `true` allows you to enable an alert policy. `false` allows you to disable an alert policy. This is applicable only when *state* is `present`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `message_file` (String) Local path of a CSV formatted file with message IDs This is mutually exclusive with the *category*, *message_ids* This is applicable only when *state* is `present` This is fetched from the `dellemc.openmanage.ome_alert_policies_message_id_info`.
- `message_ids` (String) List of Message ids This is mutually exclusive with the *category*, *message_file* This is applicable only when *state* is `present` This is fetched from the `dellemc.openmanage.ome_alert_policies_message_id_info`.
- `new_name` (String) New name for the alert policy. This is applicable only when *state* is `present`, and an alert policy exists.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `severity` (String) Severity of the alert policy. This is mandatory for creating a policy and optional for updating a policy. This is applicable only when *state* is `present`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `specific_undiscovered_devices` (String) List of undiscovered IPs, hostnames, or range of IPs of devices on which the alert policy is applicable. This option is mutually exclusive with *device_service_tag*, *device_group*, *any_undiscovered_devices* and *all_devices* . This is applicable only when *state* is `present` Examples of valid IP range format:      10.35.0.0      10.36.0.0-10.36.0.255      10.37.0.0/24      2607:f2b1:f083:135::5500/118      2607:f2b1:f083:135::a500-2607:f2b1:f083:135::a600      hostname.domain.com Examples of invalid IP range format:      10.35.0.*      10.36.0.0-255      10.35.0.0/255.255.255.0 These values will not be validated.
- `state` (String) `present` allows you to create an alert policy or update if the policy name already exists. `absent` allows you to delete an alert policy.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Status of the alert policies operation.
- `status` (String) The policy which was created or modified.
