---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_redfish_storage_volume Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_redfish_storage_volume (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `apply_time` (String) Apply time of the Volume configuration. `Immediate` allows you to apply the volume configuration on the host server immediately and apply the changes. This is applicable for *job_wait*. `OnReset` allows you to apply the changes on the next reboot of the host server. *apply_time* has a default value based on the different types of the controller. For example, BOSS-S1 and BOSS-N1 controllers have a default value of *apply_time* as `OnReset`, and PERC controllers have a default value of *apply_time* as `Immediate`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `block_size_bytes` (Number) (deprecated) Block size in bytes.Only applicable when *state* is `present`.
- `capacity_bytes` (String) Volume size in bytes. Only applicable when *state* is `present`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `command` (String) `initialize` initializes an existing storage volume for a specified *volume_id*.
- `controller_id` (String) Fully Qualified Device Descriptor (FQDD) of the storage controller. For example- RAID.Slot.1-1. This option is mandatory when *state* is `present` while creating a volume.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `drives` (String) FQDD of the Physical disks. For example- Disk.Bay.0:Enclosure.Internal.0-1:RAID.Slot.1-1. Only applicable when *state* is `present` when creating a new volume.
- `encrypted` (Boolean) Indicates whether volume is currently utilizing encryption or not. Only applicable when *state* is `present`.
- `encryption_types` (String) (deprecated) The following encryption types can be selected. `ControllerAssisted` The volume is encrypted by the storage controller entity. `NativeDriveEncryption` The volume utilizes the native drive encryption capabilities of the drive hardware. `SoftwareAssisted` The volume is encrypted by the software running on the system or the operating system. Only applicable when *state* is `present`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_reboot` (Boolean) Reboot the server forcefully to apply the changes when the normal reboot fails. *force_reboot* is applicable only when *reboot_server* is `true`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `initialize_type` (String) Initialization type of existing volume. Only applicable when *command* is `initialize`.
- `job_wait` (Boolean) This parameter provides the option to wait for the job completion. This is applicable when *apply_time* is `Immediate`. This is applicable when *apply_time* is `OnReset` and *reboot_server* is `true`.
- `job_wait_timeout` (Number) This parameter is the maximum wait time of *job_wait* in seconds. This option is applicable when *job_wait* is `true`.
- `name` (String) Name of the volume to be created. Only applicable when *state* is `present`.
- `oem` (String) Includes OEM extended payloads. Only applicable when *state* is *present*.
- `optimum_io_size_bytes` (Number) Stripe size value must be in multiples of 64 * 1024. Only applicable when *state* is `present`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `raid_type` (String) `RAID0` to create a RAID0 type volume. `RAID1` to create a RAID1 type volume. `RAID5` to create a RAID5 type volume. `RAID6` to create a RAID6 type volume. `RAID10` to create a RAID10 type volume. `RAID50` to create a RAID50 type volume. `RAID60` to create a RAID60 type volume. *raid_type* is mutually exclusive with *volume_type*.
- `reboot_server` (Boolean) Reboot the server to apply the changes. *reboot_server* is applicable only when *apply_timeout* is `OnReset` or when the default value for the apply time of the controller is `OnReset`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `present` creates a storage volume for the specified I (controller_id), or modifies the storage volume for the specified I (volume_id). "Note: Modification of an existing volume properties depends on drive and controller capabilities". `absent` deletes the volume for the specified *volume_id*.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `volume_id` (String) FQDD of existing volume. For example- Disk.Virtual.4:RAID.Slot.1-1. This option is mandatory in the following scenarios, *state* is `present`, when updating a volume. *state* is `absent`, when deleting a volume. *command* is `initialize`, when initializing a volume.
- `volume_type` (String) One of the following volume types must be selected to create a volume. `NonRedundant` The volume is a non-redundant storage device. `Mirrored` The volume is a mirrored device. `StripedWithParity` The volume is a device which uses parity to retain redundant information. `SpannedMirrors` The volume is a spanned set of mirrored devices. `SpannedStripesWithParity` The volume is a spanned set of devices which uses parity to retain redundant information. *volume_type* is mutually exclusive with *raid_type*.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_info` (String) Details of a http error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Overall status of the storage configuration operation.
- `task` (String) Returns ID and URI of the created task.
