---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_application_console_preferences Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_application_console_preferences (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `builtin_appliance_share` (String) The external network share that the appliance must access to complete operations.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device_health` (String) The time after which the health of the devices must be automatically monitored and updated on the OpenManage Enterprise dashboard.
- `discovery_settings` (String) The device naming to be used by the OpenManage Enterprise to identify the discovered iDRACs and other devices.
- `email_sender_settings` (String) The email address of the user who is sending an email message.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `metrics_collection_settings` (Number) The frequency of the PowerManager extension data maintenance and purging.
- `mx7000_onboarding_preferences` (String) Alert-forwarding behavior on chassis when they are onboarded. `all` to receive all alert. `chassis` to receive chassis category alerts only.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `report_row_limit` (Number) The maximum number of rows that you can view on OpenManage Enterprise reports.
- `server_initiated_discovery` (String) Server initiated discovery settings.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `trap_forwarding_format` (String) The trap forwarding format. `Original` to retain the trap data as is. `Normalized` to normalize the trap data.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `console_preferences` (String) Details of the console preferences.
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Overall status of the console preferences.
