---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_unity_user_quota Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_unity_user_quota (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) The *state* option is used to mention the existence of the user quota.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cap_unit` (String) Unit of *soft_limit* and *hard_limit* size. It defaults to `GB` if not specified.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filesystem_id` (String) The ID of the filesystem for which the user quota is created. For creation of a user quota either *filesystem_id* or *filesystem_name* is required.
- `filesystem_name` (String) The name of the filesystem for which the user quota is created. For creation of a user quota either *filesystem_name* or *filesystem_id* is required.
- `hard_limit` (Number) Hard limitation for a user on the total space available. If exceeded, user cannot write data. Value `0` implies no limit. One of the values of *soft_limit* and *hard_limit* can be `0`, however, both cannot be `0` during creation or modification of user quota.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `nas_server_id` (String) The ID of the NAS server in which the filesystem is created. For creation of a user quota either *filesystem_id* or *filesystem_name* is required.
- `nas_server_name` (String) The name of the NAS server in which the filesystem is created. For creation of a user quota either *nas_server_name* or *nas_server_id* is required.
- `path` (String) The path to the quota tree. Either *tree_quota_id* or *path* to quota tree is required to create/modify/delete user quota for a quota tree. Path must start with a forward slash '/'.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `soft_limit` (Number) Soft limitation for a user on the total space available. If exceeded, notification will be sent to the user for the grace period mentioned, beyond which the user cannot use space. Value `0` implies no limit. Both *soft_limit* and *hard_limit* cannot be `0` during creation or modification of user quota.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tree_quota_id` (String) The ID of the quota tree. Either *tree_quota_id* or *path* to quota tree is required to create/modify/delete user quota for a quota tree.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uid` (String) User ID of the user quota.
- `user_name` (String) User name of the user quota when *user_type* is `Windows` or `Unix`. Option *user_name* must be specified along with *win_domain* when *user_type* is `Windows`.
- `user_quota_id` (String) User quota ID generated after creation of a user quota.
- `user_type` (String) Type of user creating a user quota. Mandatory while creating or modifying user quota.
- `win_domain` (String) Fully qualified or short domain name for Windows user type. Mandatory when *user_type* is `Windows`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `get_user_quota_details` (String) Details of the user quota.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
