---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_domain_user_groups Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_dellemc_openmanage_ome_domain_user_groups (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_name` (String) The desired Active Directory/LDAP user group name to be imported or removed. Examples for user group name: Administrator or Account Operators or Access Control Assistance Operator. *group_name* value is case insensitive.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `directory_id` (Number) The ID of the Active Directory/LDAP. *directory_id* is mutually exclusive with *directory_name*.
- `directory_name` (String) The directory name set while adding the Active Directory/LDAP. *directory_name* is mutually exclusive with *directory_id*.
- `directory_type` (String) Type of the account.
- `domain_password` (String) Active Directory/LDAP domain password.
- `domain_username` (String) Active Directory/LDAP domain username. Example: username@domain or domain\username.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `role` (String) The desired roles and privilege for the imported Active Directory/LDAP user group. OpenManage Enterprise Modular Roles: CHASSIS ADMINISTRATOR, COMPUTE MANAGER, STORAGE MANAGER, FABRIC MANAGER, VIEWER. OpenManage Enterprise Roles: ADMINISTRATOR, DEVICE MANAGER, VIEWER. *role* value is case insensitive.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) `present` imports or modifies the Active Directory/LDAP user group. `absent` deletes an existing Active Directory/LDAP user group.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `domain_user_status` (String) Details of the domain user operation, when *state* is `present`.
- `error_info` (String) Details of the HTTP Error.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Overall status of the Active Directory/LDAP user group operation.
