---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_profile_client_ssl Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_profile_client_ssl (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the profile.

### Optional

- `advertised_cert_authority` (String) Specifies the CAs the system advertises to clients is being trusted by the profile.
- `allow_expired_crl` (Boolean) Instructs the system to use the specified CRL file even if it has expired.
- `allow_non_ssl` (Boolean) Enables or disables acceptance of non-SSL connections. When creating a new profile, the setting is provided by the parent profile.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cache_size` (Number) Specifies the number of sessions in the SSL session cache. The valid value range is between 0 and 4194304 inclusive. When creating a new profile, if this parameter is not specified, the default is provided by the parent profile.
- `cache_timeout` (Number) Specifies the timeout value in seconds of the SSL session cache entries. Acceptable values are between 0 and 86400 inclusive. When creating a new profile, if this parameter is not specified, the default is provided by the parent profile.
- `cert_auth_depth` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of certificates to be traversed in a client certificate chain.
- `cert_key_chain` (String) One or more certificates and keys to associate with the SSL profile. This option is always a list. The keys in the list dictate the details of the client/key/chain combination. Note that BIG-IPs can only have one of each type of each certificate/key type. This means you can only have one RSA, one DSA, and one ECDSA per profile. If you attempt to assign two RSA, DSA, or ECDSA certificate/key combo, the device rejects it. This list is a complex list that specifies a number of keys.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cipher_group` (String) Specifies the cipher group to assign to this profile. When the `ciphers` parameter is in use, the `cipher_group` must be set to either `none` or `''`. When creating a new profile with `cipher_group`, if the parent profile has `ciphers` set by default, the `cipher` parameter must be set to `none` or `''` during creation. The parameter only works on TMOS version 13.x and later.
- `ciphers` (String) Specifies the list of ciphers the system supports. When the `cipher_group` parameter is in use, the `ciphers` parameter needs to be set to either `none` or `''`.
- `client_auth_crl` (String) Specifies the name of a file containing a list of revoked client certificates.
- `client_auth_frequency` (String) Specifies the frequency of client authentication for an SSL session. When `once`, specifies the system authenticates the client once for an SSL session. When `always`, specifies the system authenticates the client once for an SSL session and also upon reuse of that session.
- `client_certificate` (String) Specifies the way the system handles client certificates. When `ignore`, specifies the system ignores certificates from client systems. When `require`, specifies the system requires a client to present a valid certificate. When `request`, specifies the system requests a valid certificate from a client but always authenticate the client.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `options` (String) Options the system uses for SSL processing in the form of a list. When creating a new profile, the list is provided by the parent profile. When `''` or `none`, all options for SSL processing are disabled.
- `parent` (String) The parent template of this monitor template. Once this value has been set, it cannot be changed. By default, this value is the `clientssl` parent on the `Common` partition.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `renegotiation` (Boolean) Enables or disables SSL renegotiation. When creating a new profile, the setting is provided by the parent profile.
- `retain_certificate` (Boolean) When `true`, the client certificate is retained in SSL session.
- `secure_renegotiation` (String) Specifies the method of secure renegotiations for SSL connections. When creating a new profile, the setting is provided by the parent profile. When `request`, the system requests secure renegotiation of SSL connections. `require` is a default setting and when set, the system permits initial SSL handshakes from clients, but terminates renegotiations from unpatched clients. With the `require-strict` setting, the system requires strict renegotiation of SSL connections. In this mode, the system refuses connections to insecure servers, and terminates existing SSL connections to insecure servers.
- `server_name` (String) Specifies the fully qualified DNS hostname of the server used in Server Name Indication communications. When creating a new profile, the setting is provided by the parent profile. The server name can also be a wildcard string containing the asterisk `*` character.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sni_default` (Boolean) Indicates the system uses this profile as the default SSL profile when there is no match to the server name, or when the client provides no SNI extension support. When creating a new profile, the setting is provided by the parent profile. There can be only one SSL profile with this setting enabled.
- `sni_require` (Boolean) Requires the network peers also provide SNI support. This setting only takes effect when `sni_default` is set to `true`. When creating a new profile, the setting is provided by the parent profile.
- `state` (String) When `present`, ensures the profile exists. When `absent`, ensures the profile is removed.
- `strict_resume` (Boolean) Enables or disables the resumption of SSL sessions after an unclean shutdown. When creating a new profile, the setting is provided by the parent profile.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trusted_cert_authority` (String) Specifies a client CA the system trusts.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
