---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_interface Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_interface (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the interface to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bundle` (String) Enables or disables bundle capability. This option is only supported on select hardware platforms and interfaces. Attempting to enable this option on a `VE` or any other unsupported platform/interface will result in module run failure.
- `bundle_speed` (String) Sets the bundle speed, which is applicable only when the bundle is `true`. This option is only supported on selected hardware platforms and interfaces. Attempting to enable this option on a `VE` or any other unsupported platform/interface will result in module run failure.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) User defined description.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies the current status of the interface. When `true`, enables the interface to pass traffic. When `false`, disables the interface from passing traffic.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `flow_control` (String) Specifies how the system controls the sending of PAUSE frames. When `tx-rx`, the interface honors pause frames from its partner, and also generates pause frames when necessary. When `tx`, the interface ignores pause frames from its partner, and generates pause frames when necessary. When `rx`, the interface honors pause frames from its partner, but does not generate pause frames. When (none), the flow control is disabled on the interface.
- `force_gigabit_fiber` (Boolean) Enables or disables forcing of gigabit fiber media. When `true` for a gigabit fiber interface, the media setting will be forced, and no auto-negotiation will be performed. When `false` auto-negotiation will be performed with just a single gigabit fiber option advertised.
- `forward_error_correction` (String) Enables or disables IEEE 802.3bm Clause 91 Reed-Solomon Forward Error Correction on 100G interfaces. Not valid for LR4 media. This option is only supported on selected hardware platforms and interfaces. Attempting to enable this option on a `VE` or any other unsupported platform/interface will result in module run failure.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lldp_admin` (String) Specifies LLDP settings on an interface level. When `disabled`, the interface neither transmits (sends) LLDP messages to nor receives LLDP messages from neighboring devices. When `txonly`, the interface transmits LLDP messages to neighbor devices, but does not receive LLDP messages from neighbor devices. When `rxonly`, the interface receives LLDP messages from neighbor devices, but does not transmit LLDP messages to neighbor devices. When `txrx`, the interface transmits LLDP messages to and receives LLDP messages from neighboring devices.
- `lldp_tlvmap` (Number) Specifies the content of an LLDP message being sent or received. Each LLDP attribute specified with this setting is optional and is in the form of Type, Length, Value (TLV). The three mandatory TLVs not taken into account when calculating this value are: `Chassis ID`, `Port ID`, and `TTL`. The optional attributes that are available have a specific TLV numeric value mapped to them. The `Port Description` attribute has a TLV value of `8`. The `System Name` attribute has a TLV value of `16`. The `System Description` attribute has a TLV value of `32`. The `System Capabilities` attribute has a TLV value of `64`. The `Management Address` attribute has a TLV value of `128`. The `Port VLAN ID` attribute has a TLV value of `256`. The `VLAN Name` attribute has a TLV value of `512`. The `Port and Protocol VLAN ID` attribute has a TLV value of `1024`. The `Protocol Identity` attribute has a TLV value of `2048`. The `MAC/PHY Config Status` attribute has a TLV value of `4096`. The `Link Aggregation` attribute has a TLV value of `8192`. The `Max Frame Size` attribute has a TLV value of `32768`. The `Product Model` attribute has a TLV value of `65536`. The `lldp_tlvmap` is a numeric value that is a sum of all TLV values of selected attributes. Setting `lldp_tlvmap` to `0` will remove all attributes from the interface. Setting `lldp_tlvmap` to `114680` will add all attributes to the interface.
- `media_fixed` (String) Specifies the settings for a fixed (non-pluggable) interface. Use this option only with a combo port to specify the media type for the fixed interface, when it is not the preferred port.
- `media_sfp` (String) Specifies the settings for an SFP (pluggable) interface. Use this option only with a combo port to specify the media type for the SFP interface, when it is not the preferred port.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port_fwd_mode` (String) Specifies the operation mode.
- `prefer_port` (String) Indicates which side of a combo port the interface uses, if both sides have the potential for an external link. The default value for a combo port is sfp. Do not use this option for non-combo ports.
- `sflow` (String) Specifies sFlow settings for the interface.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `stp` (Boolean) Enables or disables STP.
- `stp_auto_edge_port` (Boolean) Sets STP automatic edge port detection for the interface. When `true`, the system monitors the interface for incoming STP, RSTP, or MSTP packets. If no such packets are received for a sufficient period of time (about three seconds), the interface is automatically given edge port status. When `false`, the system never gives the interface edge port status automatically. Any STP setting set on a per-interface basis applies to all spanning tree instances.
- `stp_edge_port` (Boolean) Specifies whether the interface connects to an end station instead of another spanning tree bridge.
- `stp_link_type` (String) Specifies the STP link type for the interface.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
