---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_ssl_key_cert Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_ssl_key_cert (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cert_content` (String) Sets the contents of a certificate directly to the specified value. This is used with lookup plugins or for anything with formatting or `content` must be provided when `state` is `present`.
- `cert_name` (String) SSL certificate name. This is the cert name used when importing a certificate into the BIG-IP. It also determines the filenames of the objects on the LTM.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `issuer_cert` (String) Issuer certificate used for OCSP monitoring. This parameter is only valid on versions of BIG-IP 13.0.0 or above.
- `key_content` (String) Sets the contents of a key directly to the specified value. This is used with lookup plugins, or for anything with formatting or templating. This must be provided when `state` is `present`.
- `key_name` (String) The name of the key.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `passphrase` (String) Passphrase on key.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `present`, ensures the key and/or cert is uploaded to the device. When `absent`, ensures the key and/or cert is removed from the device. If the key and/or cert is currently in use, the module will not be able to remove the key.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `true_names` (Boolean) When `true`, the module does not append `.crt` and `.key` extensions to the given certificate and key names. When `false`, the module appends `.crt` and `.key` extensions to the given certificate and key names.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
