---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_profile_server_ssl Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_profile_server_ssl (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the profile.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authenticate_name` (String) Specifies a Common Name (CN) that is embedded in a server certificate. The system authenticates a server based on the specified CN.
- `ca_file` (String) Specifies a server CA the system trusts. The default is (None).
- `certificate` (String) Specifies the name of the certificate the system uses for server-side SSL processing.
- `chain` (String) Specifies the certificates-key chain to associate with the SSL profile.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cipher_group` (String) Specifies the cipher group to assign to this profile. When the `ciphers` parameter is in use, the `cipher_group` must be set to either `none` or `''`. When creating a new profile with `cipher_group`, if the parent profile has `ciphers` set by default, the `cipher` parameter must be set to `none` or `''` during creation. The parameter only works on TMOS version 13.x and later.
- `ciphers` (String) Specifies the list of ciphers the system supports. When creating a new profile, the default cipher list is provided by the parent profile. When the `cipher_group` parameter is in use, the `ciphers` parameter needs to be set to either `none` or `''`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key` (String) Specifies the file name of the SSL key.
- `ocsp_profile` (String) Specifies the name of the OCSP profile for purpose of validating the status of server certificate.
- `options` (String) Options the system uses for SSL processing in the form of a list. When creating a new profile, the list is provided by the parent profile. When `''` or `none`, all options for SSL processing are disabled.
- `parent` (String) The parent template of this monitor template. Once this value has been set, it cannot be changed.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `passphrase` (String) Specifies a passphrase used to encrypt the key.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `renegotiation` (Boolean) Enables or disables SSL renegotiation. When creating a new profile, the setting is provided by the parent profile.
- `secure_renegotiation` (String) Specifies the method of secure renegotiations for SSL connections. When creating a new profile, the setting is provided by the parent profile. When `request` is set, the system requests secure renegotiation of SSL connections. `require` is a default setting and when set, the system permits initial SSL handshakes from clients but terminates renegotiations from unpatched clients. With the `require-strict` setting, the system requires strict renegotiation of SSL connections. In this mode the system refuses connections to insecure servers, and terminates existing SSL connections to insecure servers.
- `server_certificate` (String) Specifies the way the system handles server certificates. When `ignore`, specifies the system ignores certificates from server systems. When `require`, specifies the system requires a server to present a valid certificate.
- `server_name` (String) Specifies the fully qualified DNS hostname of the server used in Server Name Indication communications. When creating a new profile, the setting is provided by the parent profile.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sni_default` (Boolean) Indicates the system uses this profile as the default SSL profile when there is no match to the server name, or when the client provides no SNI extension support. When creating a new profile, the setting is provided by the parent profile. There can be only one SSL profile with this setting enabled.
- `sni_require` (Boolean) Requires the network peers also provide SNI support. This setting only takes effect when `sni_default` is `true`. When creating a new profile, the setting is provided by the parent profile.
- `state` (String) When `present`, ensures the profile exists. When `absent`, ensures the profile is removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_password` (String) `always` allows users to update passwords if they choose to do so. `on_create` only sets the password for newly created profiles.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
