---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_imish_config Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_imish_config (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `after` (String) The ordered set of commands to append to the end of the command stack if a change needs to be made. Just like with *before*, this allows the playbook designer to append a set of commands to be executed after the command set.
- `allow_duplicates` (Boolean) Allows duplicate commands to be sent to the device. This is to accommodate scenarios where address families are configured. Only used with the `lines` parameter.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) This argument will cause the module to create a full backup of the current `running-config` from the remote device before any changes are made. The backup file is written to the `backup` folder in the playbook root directory or role root directory, if playbook is part of an Ansible role. If the directory does not exist, it is created.
- `backup_options` (String) This is a dict object containing configurable options related to backup file path. The value of this option is read-only when `backup` is set to *yes*. If `backup` is set to *no*, this option will be silently ignored.
- `before` (String) The ordered set of commands to push onto the command stack if a change needs to be made. This allows the playbook designer the opportunity to perform configuration commands prior to pushing any changes, without affecting how the set of commands are matched against the system.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `diff_against` (String) When using the `ansible-playbook --diff` command line argument, the module can generate diffs against different sources. When this option is configured as *startup*, the module will return the diff of the running-config against the startup-config. When this option is configured as *intended*, the module will return the diff of the running-config against the configuration provided in the `intended_config` argument. When this option is configured as *running*, the module will return the before and after diff of the running-config with respect to any changes made to the device configuration.
- `diff_ignore_lines` (String) Use this argument to specify one or more lines that should be ignored during the diff. This is used for lines in the configuration that are automatically updated by the system. This argument takes a list of regular expressions or exact line matches.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `intended_config` (String) The `intended_config` provides the master configuration the node should conform to and is used to check the final running-config against. This argument will not modify any settings on the remote device and is strictly used to check the compliance of the current device's configuration against. When specifying this argument, the task should also modify the `diff_against` value and set it to *intended*.
- `lines` (String) The ordered set of commands that should be configured in the section. The commands must be the exact same as those found in the device running-config. Be sure to note the configuration command syntax, as some commands are automatically modified by the device config parser.
- `match` (String) Instructs the module on the way to perform the matching of the set of commands against the current device config. If match is set to *line*, commands are matched line by line. If match is set to *strict*, command lines are matched with respect to position. If match is set to *exact*, command lines must be an equal match. Finally, if match is set to *none*, the module will not attempt to compare the source configuration with the running configuration on the remote device.
- `parents` (String) The ordered set of parents that uniquely identify the section or hierarchy the commands should be checked against. If the `parents` argument is omitted, the commands are checked against the set of top level or global commands.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `replace` (String) Instructs the module on the way to perform the configuration on the device. If the replace argument is set to *line*, the modified lines are pushed to the device in configuration mode. If the replace argument is set to *block*, the entire command block is pushed to the device in configuration mode if any line is not correct.
- `route_domain` (String) Route domain on which to manage the BGP configuration.
- `running_config` (String) By default, the module will connect to the remote device and retrieve the current running-config to use as a base for comparing against the contents of source. There are times when you do not want to have the task get the current running-config for every task in a playbook. The *running_config* argument allows the implementer to pass in the configuration to use as the base config for comparison.
- `save_when` (String) When changes are made to the device running-configuration, the changes are not copied to non-volatile storage by default. If the argument is set to *always*, the running-config will always be copied to the startup-config and the *modified* flag will always be set to `True`. If the argument is set to *modified*, the running-config will only be copied to the startup-config if it has changed since the last save to startup-config. If the argument is set to *never*, the running-config will never be copied to the startup-config. If the argument is set to *changed*, the running-config will only be copied to the startup-config if the task has made a change.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `src` (String) The *src* argument provides a path to the configuration file to load into the remote system. The path can either be a full system path to the configuration file if the value starts with /, or relative to the root of the implemented role or playbook. This argument is mutually exclusive with the *lines* and *parents* arguments.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `backup_path` (String) The full path to the backup file.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `commands` (String) The set of commands that will be pushed to the remote device.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `updates` (String) The set of commands that will be pushed to the remote device.
