---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_routedomain Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_routedomain (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bwc_policy` (String) The bandwidth controller for the route domain.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connection_limit` (Number) The maximum number of concurrent connections allowed for the route domain. Setting this to `0` turns off connection limits.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Specifies descriptive text that identifies the route domain.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `flow_eviction_policy` (String) The eviction policy to use with this route domain. Apply an eviction policy to provide customized responses to flow overflows and slow flows on the route domain.
- `fw_enforced_policy` (String) Specifies an AFM policy to be attached to route domain. To remove attached AFM policy use `""` or `none` as values.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The name of the route domain.
- `parent` (String) Specifies the route domain the system searches when it cannot find a route in the configured domain.
- `partition` (String) Partition on which you want to create the route domain. Partitions cannot be updated once they are created.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `routing_protocol` (String) Dynamic routing protocols for the system to use in the route domain.
- `service_policy` (String) Service policy to associate with the route domain.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the route domain should exist or not.
- `strict` (Boolean) Specifies whether the system enforces cross-routing restrictions or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vlans` (String) VLANs for the system to use in the route domain.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
