---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_cgnat_lsn_pool Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_cgnat_lsn_pool (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the LSN pool to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup_members` (String) Specifies translation IP addresses available for backup members, which are used by Deterministic translation mode if `deterministic` mode translation fails and falls back to `napt` mode. This is a collection of IP prefixes with their prefix lengths.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client_conn_limit` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of simultaneous translated connections a client or subscriber is allowed to have. Valid range of values is between `0` and `4294967295` inclusive.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) User created LSN pool description.
- `egress_interfaces` (String) Specifies the set of interfaces on which the source address translation is allowed or disallowed, as determined by the `egress_intf_enabled` setting.
- `egress_intf_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies how the system handles address translation on the interfaces specified in `egress_interfaces`. When set to `true`, source address translation is allowed only on the specified `egress_interfaces`. When set to `false`, source address translation is disabled on the specified `egress_interfaces`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `harpin_mode` (Boolean) Enables or disables hairpinning for incoming connections to active translation end-points.
- `icmp_echo` (Boolean) Enables or disables ICMP echo on translated addresses.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `inbound_connections` (String) Controls whether or not the BIG-IP system supports inbound connections for each outbound mapping. When `disabled`, system does not support inbound connections for outbound mappings, which prevents Port Control Protocol `pcp` from functioning. When `explicit`, the system supports inbound connections for explicit outbound mappings. When `automatic` the system supports inbound connections for every outbound mapping as it gets used.
- `log_profile` (String) Specifies the name of the logging profile the pool uses.
- `log_publisher` (String) Specifies the name of the log publisher that logs translation events.
- `members` (String) Specifies the set of translation IP addresses available in the pool. This is a collection of IP prefixes with their prefix lengths. All public-side addresses come from the addresses in this group of subnets. Members of two or more deterministic LSN pools must not overlap. Every external address used for deterministic mapping must occur only in one LSN pool.
- `mode` (String) Specifies the translation address mapping mode. The `napt` mode provides standard address and port translation allowing multiple clients in a private network to access remote networks using the single IP address assigned to their router. The `deterministic` address translation mode provides address translation that eliminates the logging of every address mapping, while still allowing internal client address tracking using only an external address and port, and a destination address and port. The `pba` mode logs the allocation and release of port blocks for subscriber translation requests, instead of separately logging each translation request.
- `partition` (String) Device partition on which to manage resources.
- `pba_block_idle_timeout` (Number) Specifies the timeout duration subsequent to the point when the port block becomes idle. Valid range of values is between `0` and `4294967295` inclusive."
- `pba_block_lifetime` (Number) Specifies the timeout for the port block, after which the block is not used for new port allocations. Valid range of values is between `0` and `4294967295` inclusive. The value of `0` corresponds to an infinite timeout.
- `pba_block_size` (Number) Specifies the number of ports in a block. Valid range of values is between `0` and `65535` inclusive. The `pba_block_size` value should be less than or equal to the LSN pool range, i.e the range of ports defined by `port_range_low` and `port_range_high` values.
- `pba_client_block_limit` (Number) Specifies the number of blocks that can be assigned to a single subscriber IP address.
- `pba_zombie_timeout` (Number) Specifies the timeout duration for a zombie port block, which is a timed out port block with one or more active connections. When the timeout duration expires, connections using the zombie block are killed and the zombie port block becomes an available port block. The value of `0` corresponds to an infinite timeout. System ignores this parameter value if `pba_block_lifetime` is `0`.
- `persistence_mode` (String) Specifies the persistence settings for LSN translation entries. When `address`, the translation attempts to reuse the address mapping, but not the port mapping. When `address-port`, the translation attempts to reuse both the address and port mapping for subsequent packets sent from the same internal IP address and port. When `none`, peristence is disabled.
- `persistence_timeout` (Number) Specifies the persistence timeout value for LSN translation entries. If a particular mapping is unused for this length of time, the mapping expires and the public-side address/port pair is free for use in other mappings. Valid range of values is between `0` and `31536000` inclusive.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port_range_high` (Number) Specifies the high end of the range of port numbers available for use with translation IP addresses. The `port_range_high` must always be higher or equal to `port_range_high` value. Valid range of values is between `0` and `65535` inclusive.
- `port_range_low` (Number) Specifies the low end of the range of port numbers available for use with translation IP addresses. The `port_range_low` must always be lower or equal to `port_range_high` value. Valid range of values is between `0` and `65535` inclusive.
- `route_advertisement` (Boolean) Specifies whether the translation addresses are passed to the Advanced Routing Module for advertisement through dynamic routing protocols.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `state` is `present`, ensures the LSN pool exists. When `state` is `absent`, ensures the LSN pool is removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
