---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_device_auth Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_device_auth (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `type` (String) The authentication type to manage with this module. Take special note that the parameters supported by this module will vary depending on the `type` that you are configuring. At this time, this module only supports a subset of the total available auth types.

### Optional

- `accounting` (String) Specifies how the system returns accounting information, such as which services users access and the amount of network resources they consume, to the TACACS+ server. When `send-to-first-server`, specifies the system transmits accounting information back to the first available TACACS+ server in the list. When `send-to-all-servers`, specifies the system transmits accounting information back to all TACACS+ servers in the list. This parameter is supported by the `tacacs` type.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authentication` (String) Specifies the process the system employs when sending authentication requests. When `use-first-server`, specifies the system sends authentication attempts only to the first server in the list. When `use-all-servers`, specifies the system sends an authentication request to each server until authentication succeeds, or until the system has sent a request to all servers in the list. This parameter is supported by the `tacacs` type.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `protocol_name` (String) Specifies the protocol associated with the value specified in `service_name`, which is a subset of the associated service being used for client authorization or system accounting. Note that the majority of TACACS+ implementations are of protocol type `ip`, so try that first.
- `secret` (String) Secret key used to encrypt and decrypt packets sent or received from the server. **Do not** use the pound/hash sign in the secret for TACACS+ servers. When configuring TACACS+ auth for the first time, this value is required.
- `servers` (String) Specifies a list of the IPv4 addresses for servers using the Terminal Access Controller Access System (TACACS)+ protocol with which the system communicates to obtain authorization data. For each address, an alternate TCP port number may be optionally specified by specifying the `port` key. If no port number is specified, the default port `49163` is used. This parameter is supported by the `tacacs` type.
- `service_name` (String) Specifies the name of the service the user is requesting to be authorized to use. Identifying what the user is asking to be authorized for enables the TACACS+ serverc to behave differently for different types of authorization requests. This setting is required when configuring this form of system authentication. Note that the majority of TACACS+ implementations are of service type `ppp`, so try that first.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of the authentication configuration on the system. When `present`, guarantees the system is configured for the specified `type`. When `absent`, sets the system auth source back to `local`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_secret` (String) `always` will allow updating secrets if the user chooses to do so. `on_create` will only set the secret when a `use_auth_source` is `true` and TACACS+ is not currently the auth source.
- `use_for_auth` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not this auth source is put in use on the system.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
