---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_device_connectivity Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_device_connectivity (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster_mirroring` (String) Specifies whether mirroring occurs within the same cluster or between different clusters on a multi-bladed system. This parameter is only supported on platforms that have multiple blades, such as Viprion hardware. It is not supported on Virtual Editions (VEs).
- `config_sync_ip` (String) Local IP address the system uses for ConfigSync operations.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `failover_multicast` (Boolean) When `true`, ensures the Failover Multicast configuration is enabled and, if no further multicast configuration is provided, ensures that `multicast_interface`, `multicast_address` and `multicast_port` are the defaults specified in the description of each option. When `false`, ensures that Failover Multicast configuration is disabled.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mirror_primary_address` (String) Specifies the primary IP address for the system to use to mirror connections.
- `mirror_secondary_address` (String) Specifies the secondary IP address for the system to use to mirror connections.
- `multicast_address` (String) IP address for the system to send multicast messages associated with failover. When `failover_multicast` is `true` and this option is not provided, a default of `224.0.0.245` will be used.
- `multicast_interface` (String) Interface over which the system sends multicast messages associated with failover. When `failover_multicast` is `true` and this option is not provided, a default of `eth0` will be used.
- `multicast_port` (Number) Port for the system to send multicast messages associated with failover. When `failover_multicast` is `true` and this option is not provided, a default of `62960` will be used. This value must be between 0 and 65535.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unicast_failover` (String) Addresses to use for failover operations. Options `address` and `port` are supported with dictionary structure, where `address` is the local IP address the system uses for failover operations. Port specifies the port the system uses for failover operations. If `port` is not specified, the default value `1026` will be used. If you are specifying the (recommended) management IP address, use 'management-ip' in the address field. When the value is set to empty list, the parameter value is removed from device.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
