---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_sys_global Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_sys_global (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `banner_text` (String) Specifies the text to present in the advisory banner.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `console_timeout` (Number) Specifies the number of seconds of inactivity before the system logs off a user that is logged on.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gui_audit` (Boolean) `true` or `false`, specifies whether or not system GUI log audit messages.
- `gui_setup` (Boolean) `true` or `false`, the Setup utility in the browser-based Configuration utility.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lcd_display` (Boolean) When `true`, specifies the system menu displays on the LCD screen on the front of the unit. This setting has no effect when used on the VE platform.
- `mgmt_dhcp` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not to enable DHCP client on the management interface.
- `net_reboot` (Boolean) When `true`, specifies the next time you reboot the system, the system boots to an ISO image on the network, rather than an internal media drive.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `quiet_boot` (Boolean) When `true`, specifies the system suppresses informational text on the console during the boot cycle. When `no`, the system presents messages and informational text on the console during the boot cycle.
- `security_banner` (Boolean) Specifies whether the system displays an advisory message on the login screen.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of the variable on the system. When `present`, guarantees an existing variable is set to `value`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
