---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_firewall_rule Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_firewall_rule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the rule.

### Optional

- `action` (String) Specifies the action for the firewall rule. When `accept`, allows packets with the specified source, destination, and protocol to pass through the firewall. Packets that match the rule and are accepted, traverse the system as if the firewall is not present. When `drop`, drops packets with the specified source, destination, and protocol. Dropping a packet is a silent action with no notification to the source or destination systems. Dropping the packet causes the connection to be retried until the retry threshold is reached. When `reject`, rejects packets with the specified source, destination, and protocol. When a packet is rejected, the firewall sends a destination unreachable message to the sender. When `accept-decisively`, allows packets with the specified source, destination, and protocol to pass through the firewall, and does not require any further processing by any of the further firewalls. Packets that match the rule and are accepted, traverse the system as if the firewall is not present. If the Rule List is applied to a virtual server, management IP, or self IP firewall rule, then Accept Decisively is equivalent to Accept. When creating a new rule, if this parameter is not provided, the default is `reject`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The rule description.
- `destination` (String) Specifies packet destinations to which the rule applies. Leaving this field blank applies the rule to all addresses and all ports. You can specify the following destination items. An IPv4 or IPv6 address, an IPv4 or IPv6 address range, geographic location, VLAN, address list, port, port range, port list or address list. You can specify a mix of different types of items for the source address. A special value `any` can be specified to the destination items to match any value for the respective item.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `icmp_message` (String) Specifies the Internet Control Message Protocol (ICMP) or ICMPv6 message `type` and `code` the rule uses. This parameter is only relevant when `protocol` is either `icmp`(1) or `icmpv6`(58).
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `irule` (String) Specifies an iRule that is applied to the firewall rule. An iRule can be started when the firewall rule matches traffic.
- `logging` (Boolean) Specifies whether logging is enabled or disabled for the firewall rule. When creating a new rule, if this parameter is not specified, the default if `false`.
- `parent_policy` (String) The policy which contains the rule to be managed. One of either `parent_policy` or `parent_rule_list` is required.
- `parent_rule_list` (String) The rule list which contains the rule to be managed. One of either `parent_policy` or `parent_rule_list` is required.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `protocol` (String) Specifies the protocol to which the rule applies. Protocols may be specified by either their name or numeric value. A special protocol value `any` can be specified to match any protocol. The numeric equivalent of this protocol is `255`.
- `rule_list` (String) Specifies an existing rule list to use in the rule. This parameter is mutually exclusive with many of the other individual-rule specific settings. This includes `logging`, `action`, `source`, `destination`, `irule'`, `protocol` and `logging`. This parameter is only used when `parent_policy` is specified, otherwise it is ignored.
- `schedule` (String) Specifies a schedule for the firewall rule. You configure schedules to define days and times when the firewall rule is made active.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) Specifies packet sources to which the rule applies. Leaving this field blank applies the rule to all addresses and all ports. You can specify the following source items. An IPv4 or IPv6 address, an IPv4 or IPv6 address range, geographic location, VLAN, address list, port, port range, port list or address list. You can specify a mix of different types of items for the source address. A special value `any` can be specified to all the source items to match any value for the respective item.
- `state` (String) When `state` is `present`, ensures the rule exists. When `state` is `absent`, ensures the rule is removed.
- `status` (String) Indicates the activity state of the rule or rule list. When `disabled`, specifies the rule or rule list does not apply at all. When `enabled`, specifies the system applies the firewall rule or rule list to the given context and addresses. When `scheduled`, specifies the system applies the rule or rule list according to the specified schedule. When creating a new rule, if this parameter is not provided, the default is `enabled`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
