---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_snat_translation Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_snat_translation (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of SNAT translation.

### Optional

- `address` (String) Specifies the IP address of the SNAT translation. When `state` is `present`, `enabled`, or `disabled`, this parameter is required. This parameter cannot be updated after it is set.
- `arp` (Boolean) If `true`, specifies the NAT sends ARP requests.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connection_limit` (Number) Specifies a limit on the number of connections a translation address must reach before it no longer initiates a connection. The default value of `0` indicates the setting is disabled. The accepted value range is `0 - 65535`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of snat-translation. `none or ''` sets a default description of null.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_idle_timeout` (String) Specifies the amount of time connections to an IP address initiated using a SNAT address are allowed to remain idle before being automatically disconnected. `indefinite` prevents the connection from timing out. The accepted value range is `0 - 4294967295` seconds. Specifying `indefinite` sets it to the maximum value.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on. Required with state `absent` when a partition other than Common is used.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The SNAT translation state. If `absent`, deletes the SNAT translation if it exists. `present` creates the SNAT translation and enables it. If `enabled`, enables the SNAT translation if it exists. If `disabled`, creates the SNAT translation if needed, and sets the state to `disabled`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tcp_idle_timeout` (String) Specifies the amount of time that TCP connections initiated using a SNAT address are allowed to remain idle before being automatically disconnected. `indefinite` prevents the connection from timing out. The accepted value range is `0 - 4294967295` seconds. Specifying `indefinite` sets it to the maximum value.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `traffic_group` (String) The traffic group for the snat-translation address. When creating a new address, if this value is not specified, the default is `/Common/traffic-group-1`.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `udp_idle_timeout` (String) Specifies the amount of time UDP connections initiated using a SNAT address are allowed to remain idle before being automatically disconnected. `indefinite` prevents the connection from timing out. The accepted value range is `0 - 4294967295` seconds. Specifying `indefinite` sets it to the maximum value.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
