---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_gtm_monitor_external Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_gtm_monitor_external (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the monitor.

### Optional

- `arguments` (String) Specifies any command-line arguments the script requires.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `external_program` (String) Specifies the name of the file for the monitor to use. In order to reference a file, you must first import it using options on the System > File Management > External Monitor Program File List > Import screen. The BIG-IP system automatically places the file in the proper location on the file system.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interval` (Number) The interval specifying how frequently the monitor instance of this template will run. If this parameter is not provided when creating a new monitor, the default value will be 30. This value **must** be less than the `timeout` value.
- `ip` (String) IP address part of the IP/port definition. If this parameter is not provided when creating a new monitor, then the default value will be '*'.
- `parent` (String) The parent template of this monitor template. Once this value has been set, it cannot be changed. By default, this value is the `http` parent on the `Common` partition.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (String) Port address part of the IP/port definition. If this parameter is not provided when creating a new monitor, the default value will be '*'. Note that if specifying an IP address, you must use a value between 1 and 65535.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `present`, ensures the monitor exists. When `absent`, ensures the monitor is removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `variables` (String) Specifies any variables the script requires. Double quotes in values will be suppressed.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
