---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_snmp Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_snmp (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `agent_authentication_traps` (String) When `enabled`, ensures the system sends authentication warning traps to the trap destinations. This is usually disabled by default on a BIG-IP.
- `agent_status_traps` (String) When `enabled`, ensures the system sends a trap whenever the SNMP agent starts running or stops running. This is usually enabled by default on a BIG-IP.
- `allowed_addresses` (String) Configures the IP addresses of the SNMP clients from which the snmpd daemon accepts requests. This value can be hostnames, IP addresses, or IP networks. You may specify a single list item of `default` to set the value back to the system default of `127.0.0.0/8`. You can remove all allowed addresses by either providing the word `none`, or by providing the empty string `""`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `contact` (String) Specifies the name of the person who administers the SNMP service for this system.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device_warning_traps` (String) When `enabled`, ensures the system sends device warning traps to the trap destinations. This is usually enabled by default on a BIG-IP.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `location` (String) Specifies the description of this system's physical location.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
