---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_asm_policy_manage Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_asm_policy_manage (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The ASM policy to manage or create.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) If `true`, applies and activates the existing inactive policy. If `false`, it deactivates the existing active policy. Generally should be `true` only in cases where you want to activate new or existing policy. In TMOS v14 and later, deactivating the policy causes it to be detached from any other associated objects, therefore the default option of `false` has been removed in order to prevent accidental disassociation.
- `apply` (Boolean) If `true` applies the policy if the policy has pending changes. This parameter supported on TMOS `v14.x` and above.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `state` is `present`, and the `template` parameter is provided, a new ASM policy is created from the template with the given policy `name`. When `state` is `present` and no `template` parameter is provided, a new blank ASM policy is created with the given policy `name`. When `state` is `absent`, ensures the policy is removed, even if it is currently active.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template` (String) An ASM policy built-in template. If the template does not exist, an error is raised. Once the policy has been created, this value cannot change. The `Comprehensive`, `Drupal`, `Fundamental`, `Joomla`, `Vulnerability Assessment Baseline`, and `Wordpress` templates are only available on BIG-IP versions >= 13.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
