---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_device_auth_ldap Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_device_auth_ldap (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bind_dn` (String) Specifies the distinguished name for the Active Directory or LDAP server user ID. The BIG-IP client authentication module does not support Active Directory or LDAP servers that do not perform bind referral when authenticating referred accounts. Therefore, if you plan to use Active Directory or LDAP as your authentication source and want to use referred accounts, make sure your servers perform bind referral.
- `bind_password` (String) Specifies a password for the Active Directory or LDAP server user ID.
- `ca_cert` (String) Specifies the name of an SSL certificate from a certificate authority (CA). To remove this value, use the reserved value `none`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `check_member_attr` (Boolean) Checks the member attribute of the user in the remote LDAP or AD group.
- `client_cert` (String) Specifies the name of an SSL client certificate. To remove this value, use the reserved value `none`.
- `client_key` (String) Specifies the name of an SSL client key. To remove this value, use the reserved value `none`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fallback_to_local` (Boolean) Specifies the system uses the Local authentication method if the remote authentication method is not available. Option only available on `TMOS 13.0.0` and above.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `login_ldap_attr` (String) Specifies the LDAP directory attribute containing the local user name that is associated with the selected directory entry. If this parameter is not specified, when configuring LDAP device authentication for the first time, the default port is `samaccountname`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) Specifies the port the system uses for access to the remote host server. When configuring LDAP device authentication for the first time, the default port is `389` if this parameter is not specified.
- `referrals` (Boolean) Specifies whether automatic referral chasing should be enabled. Option only available on `TMOS 15.1.0` and above.
- `remote_directory_tree` (String) Specifies the file location (tree) of the user authentication database on the server.
- `scope` (String) Specifies the level of the remote Active Directory or LDAP directory the system should search for the user authentication.
- `servers` (String) Specifies the LDAP servers the system must use to obtain authentication information. You must specify a server when you create an LDAP configuration object.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_type` (String) Specifies the auth source for user authentication, should be used with `use_for_auth`.
- `ssl` (String) Specifies whether the system uses an SSL port to communicate with the LDAP server.
- `state` (String) When `present`, ensures the device authentication method exists. When `absent`, ensures the device authentication method does not exist. When `state` equal to (absent), before you can delete the LDAP configuration, the system must set auth to some alternative. The system ships with a system auth called `local`, therefore the system authentication type is set to that value on the device upon removal of LDAP configuration.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_password` (String) `always` always updates the `bind_password`. `on_create` only sets the `bind_password` for newly created authentication mechanisms.
- `use_for_auth` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not this auth source is put in use on the system. If `true`, the module sets the current system auth type to the value of `ldap`. If `false`, the module sets the authentication type to `local`, similar behavior to when `state` is `absent`, without removing the configured LDAP resource.
- `user_template` (String) Specifies the distinguished name of the user who is logging on. You specify the template as a variable that the system replaces with user-specific information during the logon attempt. For example, you could specify a user template such as `%s@siterequest.com` or `uxml:id=%s,ou=people,dc=siterequest,dc=com`. When a user attempts to log on, the system replaces `%s` with the name the user specified in the Basic Authentication dialog box, and passes that as the distinguished name for the bind operation. The system passes the associated password as the password for the bind operation. This field can contain only one `%s` and cannot contain any other format specifiers.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Specifies whether the system checks an SSL peer, as a result of which the system requires and verifies the server certificate.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
