---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_qkview Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_qkview (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `asm_request_log` (Boolean) When `true`, includes ASM request log data. When `False`, excludes ASM request log data.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `complete_information` (Boolean) Include complete (all applicable) information in the QKview.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dest` (String) Destination on your local filesystem where you want to save the QKview.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `exclude` (String) Exclude various file from the QKview.
- `exclude_core` (Boolean) Exclude core files from the QKview.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filename` (String) Name of the QKview file to create on the remote BIG-IP.
- `force` (Boolean) If `no`, the file will only be transferred if the destination does not exist.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `max_file_size` (Number) Maximum file size of the QKview file, in bytes. By default, no max file size is specified.
- `only_create_file` (Boolean) If `true`, the file is created on the device and not downloaded. The file will not be deleted by the module from the device.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
