---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_ssl_ocsp Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_ssl_ocsp (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the OCSP certificate validator.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cache_error_timeout` (Number) Specifies the lifetime of an error response in the cache, in seconds.
- `cache_timeout` (String) Specifies the lifetime of the OCSP response in the cache, in seconds.
- `certificate` (String) Specifies a certificate used to sign an OCSP request.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clock_skew` (Number) Specifies the tolerable absolute difference in the clocks of the responder and the BIG-IP system, in seconds.
- `connection_timeout` (Number) Specifies the time interval the BIG-IP system waits for before ending the connection to the OCSP responder, in seconds.
- `connections_limit` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of connections per second allowed for the OCSP certificate validator.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dns_resolver` (String) Specifies the internal DNS resolver the BIG-IP system uses to fetch the OCSP response. This involves specifying one or more DNS servers in the DNS resolver configuration. Use this option when either there is a DNS server that can do the name-resolution of the OCSP responders, or the OCSP responder can be reached on one of BIG-IP system's interfaces.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hash_algorithm` (String) Specifies a hash algorithm used to sign an OCSP request.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key` (String) Specifies a key used to sign an OCSP request.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `passphrase` (String) Specifies a passphrase used to sign an OCSP request.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `proxy_server_pool` (String) Specifies the proxy server pool the BIG-IP system uses to fetch the OCSP response. This involves creating a pool with proxy-servers. Use this option when either the OCSP responder cannot be reached on any of BIG-IP system's interfaces, or one or more servers can proxy an HTTP request to an external server and fetch the response.
- `responder_url` (String) Specifies the absolute URL that overrides the OCSP responder URL obtained from the certificate's AIA extensions. This should be an HTTP-based URL.
- `route_domain` (String) Specifies the route domain for fetching an OCSP response using HTTP forward proxy.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `present`, ensures the resource exists. When `absent`, ensures the resource does not exist.
- `status_age` (Number) Specifies the maximum allowed lag time the BIG-IP system accepts for the 'thisUpdate' time in the OCSP response.
- `strict_responder_checking` (Boolean) Specifies whether the responder's certificate is checked for an OCSP signing extension.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `trusted_responders` (String) Specifies the certificates used for validating the OCSP response when the responder's certificate has been omitted from the response.
- `update_password` (String) `always` allows the user to update passwords. `on_create` only sets the password for newly created OCSP validators.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
