---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_apm_acl Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_apm_acl (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the ACL to manage.

### Optional

- `acl_order` (Number) Specifies a number that indicates the order of this ACL relative to other ACLs. When not set, the device will always place the ACL after the last one created. The lower the number, the higher the ACL will be in the general order, with the lowest number `0` being the topmost one. Valid range of values is between `0` and `65535` inclusive.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) User created ACL description.
- `entries` (String) Access control entries that define the ACL matching and its respective behavior. The order in which the rules are placed as arguments to this parameter determines their order in the ACL, in other words changing the order of the same elements will cause a change on the unit. Changes in the number of rules will always trigger device change. This means user input will take precedence over what is on device.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `path_match_case` (Boolean) Specifies whether alphabetic case is considered when matching paths in an access control entry.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `state` is `present`, ensures that the ACL exists. When `state` is `absent`, ensures that the ACL is removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of ACL to create. Once the type is set it cannot be changed.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
