---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_apm_network_access Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_apm_network_access (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the APM network access to manage/create.

### Optional

- `allow_local_dns` (Boolean) Enables local access to DNS servers configured on the client prior to establishing a network access connection.
- `allow_local_subnet` (Boolean) Enables local subnet access and local access to any host or subnet in routes specified in the client routing table. When `true` the system does not support integrated IP filtering.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) User created network access description.
- `dns_address_space` (String) Specifies a list of domain names describing the target LAN DNS addresses.
- `dtls` (Boolean) When `true` the network access connection uses Datagram Transport Level Security instead of TCP, to provide better throughput for high demand applications like VoIP or streaming video.
- `dtls_port` (Number) Specifies the port number the network access resource uses for secure UDP traffic with DTLS.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `excluded_dns_addresses` (String) Specifies the DNS address spaces for which traffic is not forced through the tunnel.
- `excluded_ipv4_adresses` (String) Specifies IPV4 address spaces for which traffic is not forced through the tunnel.
- `excluded_ipv6_adresses` (String) Specifies IPV6 address spaces for which traffic is not forced through the tunnel.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_version` (String) Supported IP version on the network access resource.
- `ipv4_address_space` (String) Specifies a list of IPv4 hosts or networks describing the target LAN. This option is mandatory when creating a new resource and `split_tunnel` is set to `true`.
- `ipv4_lease_pool` (String) Specifies the IPV4 lease pool resource to use with network access. Referencing a lease pool can be done in the full path format, for example `/Common/pool_name`. When a lease pool is referenced in full path format, the `partition` parameter is ignored.
- `ipv6_address_space` (String) Specifies a list of IPv6 hosts or networks describing the target LAN. This option is mandatory when creating a new resource and `split_tunnel` is set to `true`.
- `ipv6_lease_pool` (String) Specifies the IPV6 lease pool resource to use with network access. Referencing a lease pool can be done in the full path format, for example `/Common/pool_name`. When a lease pool is referenced in full path format, the `partition` parameter is ignored.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snat_pool` (String) Specifies the name of a SNAT pool used for implementing selective and intelligent SNATs. When `none` the system uses no SNAT pool for this network resource. When `automap` the system uses all of the self IP addresses as the translation addresses for the pool.
- `split_tunnel` (Boolean) Specifies that only the traffic targeted to a specified address space is sent over the network access tunnel.
- `state` (String) When `state` is `present`, ensures the ACL exists. When `state` is `absent`, ensures the ACL is removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
