---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_profile_sip Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_profile_sip (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the SIP profile to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `community` (String) When the `dialog_aware` is `true` and the configuration requires multiple SIP virtual server-profile pairings, this string value indicates whether the pair belongs to the same SIP proxy functional group.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the profile. To remove the entry completely, set a value of `''`.
- `dialog_aware` (Boolean) When `true`, the system gathers SIP dialog information and automatically forwards SIP messages belonging to the known SIP dialog.
- `enable_sip_firewall` (Boolean) Specifies whether the Advanced Firewall Manager (AFM) policy is enabled. When `true`, the SIP Security settings configured in the DoS Profile in AFM apply to the virtual servers that use this profile.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `insert_record_route_header` (Boolean) When `true`, inserts a Record-Route SIP header, which indicates the next hop for the following SIP request messages.
- `insert_via_header` (Boolean) When `true`, inserts a Via header in the forwarded SIP request. Via headers indicate the path taken through proxy devices and transports used. The response message uses this routing information.
- `log_profile` (String) Specifies the logging settings the publisher uses to send log messages. The format of the name can be either be prepended by partition (`/Common/foo`), or specified just as an object name (`foo`). To remove the entry. set a value of `''`, however the profile `log_publisher` must also be set as `''`.
- `log_publisher` (String) Specifies the publisher defined to log messages. Format of the name can be either be prepended by partition (`/Common/foo`), or specified just as an object name (`foo`). To remove the entry. set a value of `''`, however the profile `log_profile` must also be set as `''`.
- `max_size` (Number) Specifies the maximum SIP message size that the BIG-IP system accepts. The accepted value range is `0 - 4294967295` bytes.
- `parent` (String) Specifies the profile from which this profile inherits settings. When creating a new profile, if this parameter is not specified, the default is the system-supplied `sip` profile.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `secure_via_header` (Boolean) When checked (enabled), inserts a secure Via header in the forwarded SIP request. A secure Via header indicates where the message originated. This parameter causes the inserted Via header to specify Transport Layer Security. For this option to take effect, `insert_via_header` must be set to (true).
- `security` (Boolean) When `true`, enables the use of enhanced Horizontal Security Layer (HSL) security checking.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `present`, ensures the profile exists. When `absent`, ensures the profile is removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `terminate_on_bye` (Boolean) When `true`, closes a connection when a BYE transaction finishes. A BYE transaction is a message an application sends to another application when it is ready to close the connection between the two.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_via_header` (String) When `insert_via_header` is `true`, specifies the Via value the system inserts as the top Via header in a SIP REQUEST message. The valid value must include SIP protocol and sent_by settings, for example: `SIP/2.0/UDP 10.10.10.10:5060`. To remove the entry completely, set a value of `''`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
