---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_pool_member Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_pool_member (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `pool` (String) Pool name. This pool must exist.

### Optional

- `address` (String) IP address of the pool member. This can be either IPv4 or IPv6. When creating a new pool member, one of either `address` or `fqdn` must be provided. This parameter cannot be updated after it is set.
- `aggregate` (String) List of pool member definitions to be created, modified, or removed. When using `aggregates`, if one of the aggregate definitions is invalid, the aggregate run will fail, indicating the error it last encountered. The module will **NOT** rollback any changes it has made prior to encountering the error. The module also will not indicate what changes were made prior to failure. Therefore we strong advise you run the module in `check` mode to ensure basic validation prior to executing this module.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `availability_requirements` (String) If you activate more than one health monitor, specifies the number of health monitors that must receive successful responses in order for the link to be considered available. Specifying an empty string will remove the monitors and revert to inheriting from the pool (default). Specifying `none` will remove any health monitoring from the member completely.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connection_limit` (Number) Pool member connection limit. Setting this to `0` disables the limit.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Pool member description.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fqdn` (String) FQDN name of the pool member. This can be any name that is a valid RFC 1123 DNS name. Therefore, the only usable characters are "A" to "Z", "a" to "z", "0" to "9", the hyphen ("-") and the period ("."). FQDN names must include at least one period; delineating the host from the domain. For example, `host.domain`. FQDN names must end with a letter or a number. When creating a new pool member, one of either `address` or `fqdn` must be provided. This parameter cannot be updated after it is set.
- `fqdn_auto_populate` (Boolean) Specifies whether the system automatically creates ephemeral nodes using the IP addresses returned by the resolution of a DNS query for a node defined by an FQDN. When `true`, the system generates an ephemeral node for each IP address returned in response to a DNS query for the FQDN of the node. Additionally, when a DNS response indicates the IP address of an ephemeral node no longer exists, the system deletes the ephemeral node. When `false`, the system resolves a DNS query for the FQDN of the node with the single IP address associated with the FQDN. When creating a new pool member, the default for this parameter is `true`. Once set this parameter cannot be changed afterwards. This parameter is ignored when `reuse_nodes` is `true`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_encapsulation` (String) Specifies the IP encapsulation using either IPIP (IP encapsulation within IP, RFC 2003) or GRE (Generic Router Encapsulation, RFC 2784) on outbound packets (from BIG-IP system to server-pool member). When `none`, disables IP encapsulation. When `inherit`, inherits the IP encapsulation setting from the member's pool. When any other value, the options are None, Inherit from Pool, and Member Specific.
- `monitors` (String) Specifies the health monitors the system currently uses to monitor this resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the node to create or re-use when creating a new pool member. While this parameter is optional, we recommend specifying this parameter at all times to mitigate any unexpected behavior. If not specified, a node name is created automatically from either the specified `address` or `fqdn`. The `enabled` state is an alias of `present`.
- `partition` (String) Partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) Pool member port. This value cannot be changed after it has been set. Parameter must be provided when using aggregates.
- `preserve_node` (Boolean) When state is `absent`, the system attempts to remove the node the pool member references. The node will not be removed if it is still referenced by other pool members. If this happens, the module will not raise an error. Setting this to `true` disables this behavior.
- `priority_group` (Number) Specifies a number representing the priority group for the pool member. When adding a new member, the default is `0`, meaning the member has no priority. To specify a priority, you must activate priority group usage when you create a new pool or when adding or removing pool members. When activated, the system load balances traffic according to the priority group number assigned to the pool member. The higher the number, the higher the priority. So a member with a priority of 3 has higher priority than a member with a priority of 1.
- `rate_limit` (Number) Pool member rate limit (connections-per-second). Setting this to `0` disables the limit.
- `ratio` (Number) Pool member ratio weight. Valid values range from 1 through 100. New pool members -- unless overridden with this value -- default to 1.
- `replace_all_with` (Boolean) Removes members not defined in the `aggregate` parameter. This operation is all or none, meaning it will stop if there are some pool members that cannot be removed.
- `reuse_nodes` (Boolean) Reuses node definitions if requested.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Pool member state.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
