---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_monitor_mysql Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_monitor_mysql (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Monitor name.

### Optional

- `app_service` (String) The iApp service to be associated with this profile. When no service is specified, the default is None.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `count` (Number) Specifies the number of monitor probes after which the connection to the database is terminated.
- `database` (String) Specifies the name of the database that the monitor tries to access.
- `debug` (Boolean) Specifies whether the monitor sends error messages and additional information to a log file created and labeled specifically for this monitor.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Specifies descriptive text that identifies the monitor.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interval` (Number) Specifies the frequency at which the system issues the monitor check.
- `ip` (String) IP address part of the IP/port definition. If this parameter is not provided when creating a new monitor, then the default value is '*'.
- `manual_resume` (Boolean) Specifies whether the system automatically changes the status of a resource to **enabled** at the next successful monitor check. If you set this option to `true`, you must manually re-enable the resource before the system can use it for load balancing connections. When `true`, specifies you must manually re-enable the resource after an unsuccessful monitor check. When `false`, specifies the system automatically changes the status of a resource to **enabled** at the next successful monitor check.
- `parent` (String) The parent template of this monitor template. Once this value has been set, it cannot be changed. By default, this value is the `mysql` parent on the `Common` partition.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (String) Port address part of the IP/port definition. If this parameter is not provided when creating a new monitor, the default value is '*'. If specifying an IP address, you must specify a value between 1 and 65535.
- `recv` (String) Specifies the text string the monitor looks for in the returned resource. The most common receive expressions contain a text string that is included in a field in your database. If you do not specify both a Send String and a Receive String, the monitor performs a simple service check and connect only.
- `recv_column` (String) Specifies the column in the database where the system expects the specified Receive String to be located. This is an optional setting, and is applicable only if you configure the `send` and `recv` options.
- `recv_row` (String) Specifies the row in the database where the system expects the specified Receive String to be located. This is an optional setting, and is applicable only if you configure the `send` and `recv` options.
- `send` (String) Specifies the SQL query the monitor sends to the target object. Because the string may have special characters, the system may require the string be enclosed with single quotation marks. If this value is `none`, then a valid connection suffices to determine that the service is up. In this case, the system does not need the recv, recv-row, and recv-column options and ignores them even if not `none`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `present`, ensures the monitor exists. When `absent`, ensures the monitor is removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_password` (String) Specifies the password if the monitored target requires authentication.
- `target_username` (String) Specifies the user name if the monitored target requires authentication.
- `time_until_up` (Number) Specifies the number of seconds to wait after a resource first responds correctly to the monitor before setting the resource to 'up'. During the interval, all responses from the resource must be correct. When the interval expires, the resource is marked 'up'. A value of 0, means that the resource is marked up immediately upon receipt of the first correct response.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `up_interval` (Number) Specifies the interval for the system to use to perform the health check when a resource is up. When `0`, specifies the system uses the interval specified in `interval` to check the health of the resource. When any other number, enables you to specify a different interval to use when checking the health of a resource that is up.
- `update_password` (String) `always` will update passwords if the `target_password` is specified. `on_create` will only set the password for newly created monitors.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
