---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_pool Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_pool (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `aggregate` (String) List of pool definitions to be created, modified, or removed. When using `aggregates`, if one of the aggregate definitions is invalid, the aggregate run will fail, indicating the error it last encountered. The module will **NOT** rollback any changes it has made prior to encountering the error. The module also will not indicate which changes were made prior to failure. Therefore we strongly advise you run the module in `check` mode to ensure basic validation prior to executing this module.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Specifies descriptive text that identifies the pool.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lb_method` (String) Load balancing method. When creating a new pool, if this value is not specified, the default of `round-robin` is used.
- `metadata` (String) Arbitrary key/value pairs you can attach to a pool. This is useful in situations where you might want to annotate a pool to be managed by Ansible. Key names are stored as strings; this includes names that are numbers. Values for all of the keys are stored as strings; this includes values that are numbers. Data will be persisted, not ephemeral.
- `min_up_members` (Number) Specifies the minimum number of pool members that must be up, otherwise, the system takes the action specified in the `min-up-members-action` option. Use this option for gateway pools in a redundant system where a unit number is applied to the pool. This indicates the pool is configured only on the specified unit. When creating a new pool, if this parameter is not specified, the default is `0`.
- `min_up_members_action` (String) Specifies the action to take if `min_up_members_checking` is `enabled` and the number of active pool members falls below the number specified in the `min_up_members` option. When creating a new pool, if this parameter is not specified, the default is `failover`.
- `min_up_members_checking` (String) Enables or disables the `min_up_members` feature. If you enable this feature, you must also specify a value for both the `min_up_members` and `min_up_members_action` options. When creating a new pool, if this parameter is not specified, the default is `disabled`.
- `monitor_type` (String) Monitor rule type when `monitors` is specified. When creating a new pool, if this value is not specified, the default of `and_list` is used. When `single`, ensures all specified monitors are checked, but additionally includes checks to make sure you only specified a single monitor. When `and_list`, ensures **all** monitors are checked. When `m_of_n`, ensures `quorum` of `monitors` are checked. `m_of_n` **requires** a `quorum` of 1 or greater be set either in the playbook, or already exist on the device. Both `single` and `and_list` are functionally identical, as BIG-IP considers all monitors as "a list".
- `monitors` (String) Monitor template name list. If the partition is not provided as part of the monitor name, the `partition` option is used instead.
- `name` (String) Pool name
- `partition` (String) Device partition on which to manage resources.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `priority_group_activation` (Number) Specifies whether the system load balances traffic according to the priority number assigned to the pool member. When creating a new pool, if this parameter is not specified, the default of `0` is used. To disable this setting, provide the value `0`. Once you enable this setting, you can specify pool member priority when you create a new pool or on a pool member's properties screen. The system treats same-priority pool members as a group. To enable priority group activation, provide a number from `0` to `65535` that represents the minimum number of members that must be available in one priority group before the system directs traffic to members in a lower priority group. When a sufficient number of members become available in the higher priority group, the system again directs traffic to the higher priority group.
- `quorum` (Number) Monitor quorum value when `monitor_type` is `m_of_n`. Quorum must be a value of 1 or greater when `monitor_type` is `m_of_n`.
- `replace_all_with` (Boolean) Removes pools not defined in the `aggregate` parameter. This operation is all or none, meaning it will stop if there are some pools that cannot be removed.
- `reselect_tries` (Number) Sets the number of times the system tries to contact a pool member after a passive failure.
- `service_down_action` (String) Sets the action to take when node goes down in pool.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `slow_ramp_time` (Number) Sets the ramp-up time (in seconds) to gradually ramp up the load on newly added or freshly detected up pool members.
- `state` (String) When `present`, guarantees the pool exists with the provided attributes. When `absent`, removes the pool from the system.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
