---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_dns_nameserver Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_dns_nameserver (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the nameserver.

### Optional

- `address` (String) Specifies the IP address on which the DNS nameserver (client) or back-end DNS authoritative server (DNS Express server) listens for DNS messages. When creating a new nameserver, if this value is not specified, the default is `127.0.0.1`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `route_domain` (String) Specifies the local route domain the DNS nameserver (client) or back-end DNS authoritative server (DNS Express server) uses for outbound traffic. When creating a new nameserver, if this value is not specified, the default is `0`.
- `service_port` (String) Specifies the service port on which the DNS nameserver (client) or back-end DNS authoritative server (DNS Express server) listens for DNS messages. When creating a new nameserver, if this value is not specified, the default is `53`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `present`, ensures the resource exists. When `absent`, ensures the resource is removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `tsig_key` (String) Specifies the TSIG key the system uses to communicate with this DNS nameserver (client) or back-end DNS authoritative server (DNS Express server) for AXFR zone transfers. If the nameserver is a client, then the system uses this TSIG key to verify the request and sign the response. If this nameserver is a DNS Express server, then this TSIG key must match the TSIG key for the zone on the back-end DNS authoritative server.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
