---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_asm_policy_import Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_asm_policy_import (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The ASM policy to create or override.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `base64` (Boolean) Indicates if the imported policy string is encoded in Base64. This parameter only takes effect when using the `inline` method of import.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encoding` (String) Specifies the desired application language of the imported policy. The imported policy cannot be a `parent` type or attached to a `parent` policy when `auto-detect` encoding is set. When importing a policy to attach to a `parent` policy, the `encoding` of the imported policy, if different, must be set to be the same value as `parent_policy`, otherwise import will fail. This parameter is available on TMOS version 13.x and later and only takes effect when the `inline` import method is used.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) When set to `true`, any existing policy with the same name will be overwritten by the new import. This works for both inline and file imports, if the policy does not exist this setting is ignored.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `inline` (String) When specified, the ASM policy is created from a provided string. Content needs to be provided in a valid XML format, otherwise the operation will fail.
- `parent_policy` (String) The parent policy to which the newly imported policy should be attached as child. When `parent_policy` is specified, the imported `policy_type` must not be `parent`. This parameter is available on TMOS version 13.x and later and only takes effect when `inline` import method is used.
- `partition` (String) Device partition on which to create the policy. This parameter is also applied to indicate the partition of the `parent` policy.
- `policy_type` (String) The type of the policy to import. When `policy_type` is `security`, the policy is imported as an application security policy that you can apply to a virtual server. When `policy_type` is `parent`, the policy becomes a parent to which other Security policies attach, inheriting its attributes. This policy type cannot be applied to Virtual Servers. This parameter is available on TMOS version 13.x and later and only takes effect when the `inline` import method is used.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `retain_inheritance_settings` (Boolean) Indicates if an imported security type policy should retain settings when attached to parent policy. This parameter is available on TMOS version 13.x and later and only takes effect when the `inline` import method is used.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) Full path to a policy file to be imported into the BIG-IP ASM. Policy files exported from newer versions of BIG-IP cannot be imported into older versions of BIG-IP. However, policy files from older versions of BIG-IP can be imported into newer versions of BIG-IP. The file format can be binary or XML.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
