---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_data_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_data_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the data group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_data_group_file` (Boolean) When `true`, ensures the remote data group file is deleted. This parameter is only relevant when `state` is `absent` and `internal` is `false`.
- `description` (String) The description of the data group.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `external_file_name` (String) When creating a new data group, this specifies the file name you want to give an external data group file on the BIG-IP. This parameter is ignored when `internal` is `true`. This parameter can be used to select an existing data group file to use with an existing external data group. If this value is not provided, it will be given the value specified in `name` and, therefore, match the name of the data group. This value may only contain letters, numbers, underscores, dashes, or a period.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `internal` (Boolean) The type of this data group. You should only consider setting this value in cases where you know exactly what you are doing, **or**, you are working with a pre-existing internal data group. Be aware that if you deliberately force this parameter to `true`, and you have a either a large number of records or a large total records size, this large amount of data will be reflected in your BIG-IP configuration. This can lead to **long** system configuration load times due to parsing and verifying the large configuration. When this parameter is `true`, there is a limit for uploads of either 4 megabytes or 65,000 records, whichever is more restrictive. This value cannot be changed once the data group is created.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `records` (String) Specifies the records you want to add to a data group. If you have a large number of records, we recommend you use `records_src` instead of typing all those records here. The technical limit of either the number of records, or the total size of all records. Varies with the size of the total resources on your system; in particular, RAM. When `internal` is `false`, at least one record must be specified in either `records` or `records_src`. When `type` is: `ip`, `address`, `addr` if the addresses use a non-default route domain, they must be explicit about it, meaning they must contain a route domain notation `%` e.g. 10.10.1.1%11. This is true regardless if the data group resides in a partition or not.
- `records_src` (String) Path to a file with records in it. The file should be well-formed. This means it includes records, one per line, that resemble the following format "key separator value". For example, `foo := bar`. BIG-IP is strict about this format, but this module is a bit more lax. It will allow you to include arbitrary amounts (including none) of empty space on either side of the separator. For an illustration of this, see the Examples section. Record keys are limited in length to no more than 65520 characters. Values of record keys are limited in length to no more than 65520 characters. The total number of records you can have in your BIG-IP is limited by the memory of the BIG-IP itself. The format of this content is slightly different depending on whether you specify a `type` of `address`, `integer`, or `string`. See the examples section for examples of the different types of payload formats that are expected in your data group file. When `internal` is `false`, at least one record must be specified in either `records` or `records_src`.
- `separator` (String) When specifying `records_src`, this is the string of characters that will be used to break apart entries in the `records_src` into key/value pairs. By default, the value of this parameter is `:=`. This value cannot be changed once it is set. This parameter is only relevant when `internal` is `false`. It will be ignored otherwise.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `state` is `present`, ensures the data group exists. When `state` is `absent`, ensures the data group is removed. The use of state in this module refers to the entire data group, not its members.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The type of records in this data group. This parameter is important because it causes the BIG-IP to store your data in different ways to optimize access to it. For example, it would be wrong to specify a list of records containing IP addresses, but label them as a `string` type. This value cannot be changed once the data group is created.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
