---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_firewall_dos_vector Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_firewall_dos_vector (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the vector to modify. Vectors that ship with the device are "hard-coded" in that the list of vectors is known to the system and users cannot add new vectors. Users only manipulate the existing vectors; all of which are disabled by default. When `bad-icmp-chksum`, configures the "Bad ICMP Checksum" Network Security vector. When `bad-icmp-frame`, configures the "Bad ICMP Frame" Network Security vector. When `bad-igmp-frame`, configures the "Bad IGMP Frame" Network Security vector. When `bad-ip-opt`, configures the "IP Option Illegal Length" Network Security vector. When `bad-ipv6-hop-cnt`, configures the "Bad IPv6 Hop Count" Network Security vector. When `bad-ipv6-ver`, configures the "Bad IPv6 Version" Network Security vector. When `bad-sctp-chksum`, configures the "Bad SCTP Checksum" Network Security vector. When `bad-tcp-chksum`, configures the "Bad TCP Checksum" Network Security vector. When `bad-tcp-flags-all-clr`, configures the "Bad TCP Flags (All Cleared)" Network Security vector. When `bad-tcp-flags-all-set`, configures the "Bad TCP Flags (All Flags Set)" Network Security vector. When `bad-ttl-val`, configures the "Bad IP TTL Value" Network Security vector. When `bad-udp-chksum`, configures the "Bad UDP Checksum" Network Security vector. When `bad-udp-hdr`, configures the "Bad UDP Header (UDP Length > IP Length or L2 Length)" Network Security vector. When `bad-ver`, configures the "Bad IP Version" Network Security vector. When `arp-flood`, configures the "ARP Flood" Network Security vector. When `flood`, configures the "Single Endpoint Flood" Network Security vector. When `igmp-flood`, configures the "IGMP Flood" Network Security vector. When `igmp-frag-flood`, configures the "IGMP Fragment Flood" Network Security vector. When `ip-bad-src`, configures the "Bad Source" Network Security vector. When `ip-err-chksum`, configures the "IP Error Checksum" Network Security vector. When `ip-len-gt-l2-len`, configures the "IP Length > L2 Length" Network Security vector. When `ip-other-frag`, configures the "IP Fragment Error" Network Security vector. When `ip-overlap-frag`, configures the "IP Fragment Overlap" Network Security vector. When `ip-short-frag`, configures the "IP Fragment Too Small" Network Security vector. When `ip-uncommon-proto`, configures the "IP Uncommon Proto" Network Security vector. When `ip-unk-prot`, configures the "IP Unknown Protocol" Network Security vector. When `ipv4-mapped-ipv6`, configures the "IPv4 Mapped IPv6" Network Security vector. When `ipv6-atomic-frag`, configures the "IPv6 Atomic Fragment" Network Security vector. When `ipv6-bad-src`, configures the "Bad IPv6 Addr" Network Security vector. When `ipv6-len-gt-l2-len`, configures the "IPv6 Length > L2 Length" Network Security vector. When `ipv6-other-frag`, configures the "IPv6 Fragment Error" Network Security vector. When `ipv6-overlap-frag`, configures the "IPv6 Fragment Overlap" Network Security vector. When `ipv6-short-frag`, configures the "IPv6 Fragment Too Small" Network Security vector. When `l2-len-ggt-ip-len`, configures the "L2 Length >> IP Length" Network Security vector. When `l4-ext-hdrs-go-end`, configures the "No L4 (Extension Headers Go To Or Past The End of Frame)" Network Security vector. When `land-attack`, configures the "LAND Attack" Network Security vector. When `no-l4`, configures the "No L4" Network Security vector. When `no-listener-match`, configures the "No Listener Match" Network Security vector. When `non-tcp-connection`, configures the "Non TCP Connection" Network Security vector. When `payload-len-ls-l2-len`, configures the "Payload Length < L2 Length" Network Security vector. When `routing-header-type-0`, configures the "Routing Header Type 0" Network Security vector. When `syn-and-fin-set`, configures the "SYN && FIN Set" Network Security vector. When `tcp-ack-flood`, configures the "TCP BADACK Flood" Network Security vector. When `tcp-hdr-len-gt-l2-len`, configures the "TCP Header Length > L2 Length" Network Security vector. When `tcp-hdr-len-too-short`, configures the "TCP Header Length Too Short (Length < 5)" Network Security vector. When `hdr-len-gt-l2-len`, configures the "Header Length > L2 Length" Network Security vector. When `hdr-len-too-short`, configures the "Header Length Too Short" Network Security vector. When `bad-ext-hdr-order`, configures the "IPv6 Extended Headers Wrong order" Network Security vector. When `ext-hdr-too-large`, configures the "IPv6 extension header too large" Network Security vector. When `hop-cnt-low`, configures the "IPv6 hop count <= <tunable>" Network Security vector. When `host-unreachable`, configures the "Host Unreachable" Network Security vector. When `icmp-frag`, configures the "ICMP Fragment" Network Security vector. When `icmp-frame-too-large`, configures the "ICMP Frame Too Large" Network Security vector. When `icmpv4-flood`, configures the "ICMPv4 flood" Network Security vector. When `icmpv6-flood`, configures the "ICMPv6 flood" Network Security vector. When `ip-frag-flood`, configures the "IP Fragment Flood" Network Security vector. When `ip-low-ttl`, configures the "TTL <= <tunable>" Network Security vector. When `ip-opt-frames`, configures the "IP Option Frames" Network Security vector. When `ipv6-ext-hdr-frames`, configures the "IPv6 Extended Header Frames" Network Security vector. When `ipv6-frag-flood`, configures the "IPv6 Fragment Flood" Network Security vector. When `opt-present-with-illegal-len`, configures the "Option Present With Illegal Length" Network Security vector. When `sweep`, configures the "Sweep" Network Security vector. When `tcp-bad-urg`, configures the "TCP Flags-Bad URG" Network Security vector. When `tcp-half-open`, configures the "TCP Half Open" Network Security vector. When `tcp-opt-overruns-tcp-hdr`, configures the "TCP Option Overruns TCP Header" Network Security vector. When `tcp-psh-flood`, configures the "TCP PUSH Flood" Network Security vector. When `tcp-rst-flood`, configures the "TCP RST Flood" Network Security vector. When `tcp-syn-flood`, configures the "TCP SYN Flood" Network Security vector. When `tcp-syn-oversize`, configures the "TCP SYN Oversize" Network Security vector. When `tcp-synack-flood`, configures the "TCP SYN ACK Flood" Network Security vector. When `tcp-window-size`, configures the "TCP Window Size" Network Security vector. When `tidcmp`, configures the "TIDCMP" Network Security vector. When `too-many-ext-hdrs`, configures the "Too Many Extension Headers" Network Security vector. When `dup-ext-hdr`, configures the "IPv6 Duplicate Extension Headers" Network Security vector. When `fin-only-set`, configures the "FIN Only Set" Network Security vector. When `ether-brdcst-pkt`, configures the "Ethernet Broadcast Packet" Network Security vector. When `ether-multicst-pkt`, configures the "Ethernet Multicast Packet" Network Security vector. When `ether-mac-sa-eq-da`, configures the "Ethernet MAC Source Address == Destination Address" Network Security vector. When `udp-flood`, configures the "UDP Flood" Network Security vector. When `unk-ipopt-type`, configures the "Unknown Option Type" Network Security vector. When `unk-tcp-opt-type`, configures the "Unknown TCP Option Type" Network Security vector. When `a`, configures the "DNS A Query" DNS Protocol Security vector. When `aaaa`, configures the "DNS AAAA Query" DNS Protocol Security vector. When `any`, configures the "DNS ANY Query" DNS Protocol Security vector. When `axfr`, configures the "DNS AXFR Query" DNS Protocol Security vector. When `cname`, configures the "DNS CNAME Query" DNS Protocol Security vector. When `dns-malformed`, configures the "dns-malformed" DNS Protocol Security vector. When `dns-nxdomain-query`, configures the "dns-nxdomain-query" DNS Protocol Security vector. When `dns-response-flood`, configures the "dns-response-flood" DNS Protocol Security vector. When `dns-oversize`, configures the "dns-oversize" DNS Protocol Security vector. When `ixfr`, configures the "DNS IXFR Query" DNS Protocol Security vector. When `mx`, configures the "DNS MX Query" DNS Protocol Security vector. When `ns`, configures the "DNS NS Query" DNS Protocol Security vector. When `other`, configures the "DNS OTHER Query" DNS Protocol Security vector. When `ptr`, configures the "DNS PTR Query" DNS Protocol Security vector. When `qdcount`, configures the "DNS QDCOUNT Query" DNS Protocol Security vector. When `soa`, configures the "DNS SOA Query" DNS Protocol Security vector. When `srv`, configures the "DNS SRV Query" DNS Protocol Security vector. When `txt`, configures the "DNS TXT Query" DNS Protocol Security vector. When `ack`, configures the "SIP ACK Method" SIP Protocol Security vector. When `bye`, configures the "SIP BYE Method" SIP Protocol Security vector. When `cancel`, configures the "SIP CANCEL Method" SIP Protocol Security vector. When `invite`, configures the "SIP INVITE Method" SIP Protocol Security vector. When `message`, configures the "SIP MESSAGE Method" SIP Protocol Security vector. When `notify`, configures the "SIP NOTIFY Method" SIP Protocol Security vector. When `options`, configures the "SIP OPTIONS Method" SIP Protocol Security vector. When `other`, configures the "SIP OTHER Method" SIP Protocol Security vector. When `prack`, configures the "SIP PRACK Method" SIP Protocol Security vector. When `publish`, configures the "SIP PUBLISH Method" SIP Protocol Security vector. When `register`, configures the "SIP REGISTER Method" SIP Protocol Security vector. When `sip-malformed`, configures the "sip-malformed" SIP Protocol Security vector. When `subscribe`, configures the "SIP SUBSCRIBE Method" SIP Protocol Security vector. When `uri-limit`, configures the "uri-limit" SIP Protocol Security vector.
- `profile` (String) Specifies the name of the profile to manage vectors in. The name `device-config` is reserved for use by this module. Vectors can be managed in either DoS Profiles or Device Configuration. By specifying a profile of 'device-config', this module will specifically tailor configuration of the provided vectors to the Device Configuration.

### Optional

- `allow_advertisement` (Boolean) Specifies addresses that are identified for blacklisting are advertised to BGP routers.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attack_ceiling` (String) Specifies the absolute maximum allowable for packets of this type. This setting rate limits packets to the packets per second setting, when specified. To set no hard limit and allow automatic thresholds to manage all rate limiting, set this to `infinite`.
- `attack_floor` (String) Specifies packets per second to identify an attack. These settings provide an absolute minimum of packets to allow before the attack is identified. As the automatic detection thresholds adjust to traffic and CPU usage on the system over time, this attack floor becomes less relevant. This value may not exceed the value in `attack_floor`.
- `auto_blacklist` (Boolean) Automatically blacklists detected bad actors. To enable this parameter, the `bad_actor_detection` must also be enabled. This parameter is not supported by the `dns-malformed` vector. This parameter is not supported by the `qdcount` vector.
- `bad_actor_detection` (Boolean) Whether Bad Actor detection is enabled or disabled for a vector, if available. This parameter must be enabled to enable the `auto_blacklist` parameter. This parameter is not supported by the `dns-malformed` vector. This parameter is not supported by the `qdcount` vector.
- `blacklist_detection_seconds` (Number) Detection before blacklisting occurs, in seconds.
- `blacklist_duration` (Number) Duration the blacklist will last, in seconds.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `detection_threshold_eps` (String) Lists how many packets per second the system must discover in traffic in order to detect this attack.
- `detection_threshold_percent` (String) Lists the threshold percent increase over time that the system must detect in traffic in order to detect this attack. The `tcp-half-open` vector does not support this parameter.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mitigation_threshold_eps` (String) Specifies the maximum number of this type of packet per second the system allows for a vector. The system drops packets once the traffic level exceeds the rate limit.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `per_source_ip_detection_threshold` (String) Specifies the number of packets per second to identify an IP address as a bad actor.
- `per_source_ip_mitigation_threshold` (String) Specifies the rate limit applied to a source IP that is identified as a bad actor.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `simulate_auto_threshold` (Boolean) Specifies results of the current automatic thresholds are logged, though manual thresholds are enforced, and no action is taken on automatic thresholds. The `sweep` vector does not support this parameter.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `state` is `mitigate`, ensures the vector enforces limits and thresholds. When `state` is `detect-only`, ensures the vector does not enforce limits and thresholds (rate limiting, dropping, etc), but is still tracked in logs and statistics. When `state` is `disabled`, ensures the vector does not enforce limits and thresholds, but is still tracked in logs and statistics. When `state` is `learn-only`, ensures the vector does not "detect" any attacks. Only learning and stat collecting is performed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `threshold_mode` (String) The `dns-malformed` vector does not support `fully-automatic` or `stress-based-mitigation` for this parameter. The `qdcount` vector does not support `fully-automatic` or `stress-based-mitigation` for this parameter. The `sip-malformed` vector does not support `fully-automatic` or `stress-based-mitigation` for this parameter.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `blacklist_category` (String) The new Category Name setting.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
