---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_device_auth_radius Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_device_auth_radius (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `accounting_bug` (Boolean) Enables or disables validation of the accounting response vector. This option should be necessary only on older servers.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fallback_to_local` (Boolean) Specifies the system uses the Local authentication method if the remote authentication method is not available. Option only available on `TMOS 13.0.0` and above.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `retries` (Number) Specifies the number of authentication retries the BIG-IP Local Traffic Management system allows before authentication fails.
- `servers` (String) Specifies the names of RADIUS servers for use with RADIUS authentication profiles.
- `service_type` (String) Specifies the type of service requested from the RADIUS server. The default value is `authenticate-only`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `state` is `present`, ensures the RADIUS server exists. When `state` is `absent`, ensures the RADIUS server is removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_for_auth` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not this auth source is put in use on the system. If `true`, the module sets the current system auth type to the value of `radius`. If `false`, the module sets the authentication type to `local`, similar behavior to when `state` is `absent`, without removing the configured RADIUS resource.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
