---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_snmp_community Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_snmp_community (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `access` (String) Specifies the user's access level to the MIB. When creating a new community, if this parameter is not specified, the default is `ro`. When `ro`, specifies the user can view the MIB, but cannot modify the MIB. When `rw`, specifies the user can view and modify the MIB.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `community` (String) Specifies the community string (password) for access to the MIB. This parameter is only relevant when `version` is `v1` or `v2c`. If `version` is something else, this parameter is ignored.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_version` (String) Specifies whether the record applies to IPv4 or IPv6 addresses. When creating a new community, if this value is not specified, the default is `4`. This parameter is only relevant when `version` is `v1` or `v2c`. If `version` is something else, this parameter is ignored.
- `name` (String) Name that identifies the SNMP community. When `version` is `v1` or `v2c`, this parameter is required. The name `public` is a reserved name on the BIG-IP. This module handles that name differently than others. Functionally, you should not see a difference.
- `oid` (String) Specifies the object identifier (OID) for the record. When `version` is `v3`, this parameter is required. When `version` is either `v1` or `v2c`, if this value is specified, then `source` must not be set to `all`.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) Specifies the port for the trap destination. This parameter is only relevant when `version` is `v1` or `v2c`. If `version` is something else, this parameter is ignored.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snmp_auth_password` (String) Specifies the password for the user. When creating a new SNMP `v3` community, this parameter is required. This value must be at least 8 characters long.
- `snmp_auth_protocol` (String) Specifies the authentication method for the user. When `md5`, specifies the system uses the MD5 algorithm to authenticate the user. When `sha`, specifies the secure hash algorithm (SHA) to authenticate the user. When `none`, specifies the user does not require authentication. When creating a new SNMP `v3` community, if this parameter is not specified, the default is `sha`.
- `snmp_privacy_password` (String) Specifies the password for the user. When creating a new SNMP `v3` community, this parameter is required. This value must be at least 8 characters long.
- `snmp_privacy_protocol` (String) Specifies the encryption protocol. When `aes`, specifies the system encrypts the user information using AES (Advanced Encryption Standard). When `des`, specifies the system encrypts the user information using DES (Data Encryption Standard). When `none`, specifies the system does not encrypt the user information. When creating a new SNMP `v3` community, if this parameter is not specified, the default is `aes`.
- `snmp_username` (String) Specifies the name of the user for whom you want to grant access to the SNMP v3 MIB. This parameter is only relevant when `version` is `v3`. If `version` is something else, this parameter is ignored. When creating a new SNMP `v3` community, this parameter is required. This parameter cannot be changed once it has been set.
- `source` (String) Specifies the source address for access to the MIB. This parameter can accept a value of `all`. If this parameter is not specified, the value is `all`. This parameter is only relevant when `version` is `v1` or `v2c`. If `version` is something else, this parameter is ignored. If `source` is set to `all`, it is not possible to specify an `oid`. This will raise an error. You should provide this parameter when `state` is `absent`, so the correct community is removed. To remove the `public` SNMP community that comes with a BIG-IP, this parameter should be `default`.
- `state` (String) When `present`, ensures the address list and entries exists. When `absent`, ensures the address list is removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_password` (String) `always` allows users to update passwords. `on_create` only sets the password for newly created resources.
- `version` (String) Specifies to which SNMP version the trap destination applies.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
