---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_config Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_config (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `merge_content` (String) Loads the specified configuration that you want to merge into the running configuration. This is equivalent to using the `tmsh` command `load sys config from-terminal merge`. If you need to read the configuration from a file or template, use Ansible's `file` or `template` lookup plugins respectively.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reset` (Boolean) Loads the default configuration on the device. If this option is specified, the default configuration is loaded before any commands or other provided configuration is run.
- `save` (Boolean) The `save` argument instructs the module to save the running-config to startup-config. This operation is performed after any changes are made to the current running config. If no changes are made, the configuration is still saved to the startup config. This option always causes the module to return **changed**.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `verify` (Boolean) Validates the specified configuration to see whether it is valid to replace the running configuration. The running configuration will not be changed. When this parameter is set to `true`, no change is reported by the module.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `stdout` (String) The set of responses from the options.
- `stdout_lines` (String) The value of stdout split into a list.
