---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_device_certificate Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_device_certificate (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `days_valid` (Number) Specifies the interval for which the self-signed certificate is valid. The maximum value is 25 years: `9125` days
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `add_to_trusted` (Boolean) Specifies if the certificate should be added to the trusted client and server certificate files.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cert_name` (String) Specifies the full name of the certificate file. If the name is not default `server.crt`, the module will configure `httpd` to use them prior to restarting the `httpd` daemon.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) When `true`, will update or overwrite the existing certificate when it is not expired on the device. When `false`, the certificate will only be updated/overwritten if expired. Generally should be `true` only in cases where you need to update certificate that is about to expire. This option is also needed when generating a new certificate to replace non-expired one.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `issuer` (String) Certificate properties, required when generating new certificates.
- `key_name` (String) Specifies the full name of the key file. If the name is not default `server.key`, the module will configure `httpd` to use them prior to restarting the `httpd` daemon.
- `key_size` (Number) Specifies the desired key size in bits. Mandatory option when generating a new certificate.
- `new_cert` (Boolean) Specifies if the module should generate a new certificate. When `true`, the device certificate and key will be replaced.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
