---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `username_credential` (String) Name of the user to create, remove, or modify. The `root` user may not be removed.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `full_name` (String) Full name of the user.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `partition_access` (String) Specifies the administrative partition to which the user has access. `partition_access` is required when creating a new account, and should be in the form "partition:role". Valid roles include `acceleration-policy-editor`, `admin`, `application-editor`, `auditor`, `certificate-manager`, `guest`, `irule-manager`, `manager`, `no-access`, `operator`, `resource-admin`, `user-manager`, `web-application-security-administrator`, and `web-application-security-editor`. The partition portion the of tuple should be an existing partition or the value 'all'.
- `password_credential` (String) Set the user's password to this unencrypted value. `password_credential` is required when creating a new account.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `shell` (String) Optionally set the users shell.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the account should exist or not, taking action if the state is different from what is stated.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_password` (String) `always` allows the user to update passwords. `on_create` only sets the password for newly created users. When `username_credential` is `root`, this value is forced to `always`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
