---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_monitor_ftp Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_monitor_ftp (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the monitor.

### Optional

- `app_service` (String) The iApp service to be associated with this profile. When no service is specified, the default is None.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `debug` (Boolean) Specifies whether the monitor sends error messages and additional information to a log file created and labeled specifically for this monitor. When `true` the system redirects error messages and additional information to the `/var/log/monitors/<monitor_name>-<node_name>-<port>.log` file.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the monitor.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filename` (String) Specifies the full path and file name of the file the system attempts to download. The health check is successful if the system can download the file.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interval` (Number) The interval specifying how frequently the monitor instance of this template will run. This value **must** be less than the `timeout` value. When creating a new monitor, if this parameter is not provided, the default `5` will be used.
- `ip` (String) IP address part of the IP/port definition. If this parameter is not provided when creating a new monitor, the default value is '*'.
- `manual_resume` (Boolean) Specifies whether the system automatically changes the status of a resource to **enabled** at the next successful monitor check. If you set this option to `true`, you must manually re-enable the resource before the system can use it for load balancing connections. When creating a new monitor, if this parameter is not specified, the default value is `false`. When `true`, specifies you must manually re-enable the resource after an unsuccessful monitor check. When `false`), specifies the system automatically changes the status of a resource to **enabled** at the next successful monitor check.
- `mode` (String) Specifies the data transfer process (DTP) mode. When `passive`, the monitor sends a data transfer request to the FTP server. When the FTP server receives the request, the FTP server initiates and establishes the data connection. When `port`, the monitor initiates and establishes the data connection with the FTP server.
- `parent` (String) The parent template of this monitor template. Once this value has been set, it cannot be changed. When creating a new monitor, if this parameter is not specified, the default is the system-supplied `ftp` monitor.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (String) Port address part of the IP/port definition. If this parameter is not provided when creating a new monitor, the default value is '*'. If specifying an IP address, you must use a value between 1 and 65535.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `present`, ensures the monitor exists. When `absent`, ensures the monitor is removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_password` (String) Specifies the password, if the monitored target requires authentication.
- `target_username` (String) Specifies the user name, if the monitored target requires authentication.
- `time_until_up` (Number) Specifies the amount of time in seconds after the first successful response before a node will be marked up. A value of `0` will cause a node to be marked up immediately after a valid response is received from the node. If this parameter is not provided when creating a new monitor, then the default value will be `0`.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `up_interval` (Number) Specifies the interval at which the system performs the health check when a resource is up. When `0`, specifies the system uses the interval specified in `interval` to check the health of the resource. When any other number, enables you to specify a different interval to use when checking the health of a resource that is up. When creating a new monitor, if this parameter is not provided, the default `0` will be used.
- `update_password` (String) `always` will update passwords if the `target_password` is specified. `on_create` will only set the password for newly created monitors.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
