---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_remote_syslog Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_remote_syslog (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `remote_host` (String) Specifies the IP address or hostname for the remote system, to which the system sends log messages.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `local_ip` (String) Specifies the local IP address of the system that is logging. To provide no local IP, specify the value `none`. When creating a remote syslog, if this parameter is not specified, the default value is `none`.
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the syslog object. This option is required when multiple `remote_host`s with the same IP or hostname are present on the device. If `name` is not provided, `remote_host` is used by default.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remote_port` (String) Specifies the port the system uses to send messages to the remote logging server. When creating a remote syslog, if this parameter is not specified, the default value is `514`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `present`, guarantees the remote syslog exists with the provided attributes. When `absent`, removes the remote syslog from the system.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
