---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_smtp Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_smtp (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the SMTP server configuration.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authentication` (Boolean) Credentials can be set on an SMTP server's configuration even if that authentication is not used (for example, staging configs or emergency changes). This parameter acts as a switch to make the specified `smtp_server_username` and `smtp_server_password` parameters active or not. When `true`, the authentication parameters are active. When `false`, the authentication parameters are inactive.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encryption` (String) Specifies whether the SMTP server requires an encrypted connection in order to send mail.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `from_address` (String) Email address from which the email is being sent. This is the "Reply-to" address the recipient sees.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `local_host_name` (String) Hostname used in SMTP headers in the format of a fully qualified domain name. This setting does not refer to the hostname of the BIG-IP system.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `smtp_server` (String) SMTP server host name in the format of a fully qualified domain name. This value is required when creating a new SMTP configuration.
- `smtp_server_password` (String) Password the SMTP server requires when validating a user.
- `smtp_server_port` (Number) Specifies the SMTP port number. When creating a new SMTP configuration, the default is `25` when `encryption` is `none` or `tls`. The default is `465` when `ssl` is selected.
- `smtp_server_username` (String) User name the SMTP server requires when validating a user.
- `state` (String) When `present`, ensures the SMTP configuration exists. When `absent`, ensures the SMTP configuration does not exist.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_password` (String) Passwords are stored encrypted, so the module cannot know if the supplied `smtp_server_password` is the same or different than the existing password. This parameter controls the updating of the `smtp_server_password` credential. When `always`, the system always updates the password. When `on_create`, the system only sets the password for newly created SMTP server configurations.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
