---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_traffic_selector Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_traffic_selector (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the traffic selector.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the traffic selector.
- `destination_address` (String) Specifies the host or network IP address to which the application traffic is destined. When creating a new traffic selector, this parameter is required.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipsec_policy` (String) Specifies the IPsec policy that tells the BIG-IP system how to handle the packets. When creating a new traffic selector, if this parameter is not specified, the default is `default-ipsec-policy`.
- `order` (Number) Specifies the order in which traffic is matched, if traffic can be matched to multiple traffic selectors. Traffic is matched to the traffic selector with the highest priority (lowest order number). When creating a new traffic selector, if this parameter is not specified, the default is `last`.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_address` (String) Specifies the host or network IP address from which the application traffic originates. When creating a new traffic selector, this parameter is required.
- `state` (String) When `present`, ensures the resource exists. When `absent`, ensures the resource is removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
