---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_gtm_server Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_gtm_server (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the server. If the virtual server is auto-discovered from the LTM,then the partition name needs to be included as part of the virtual server name when referencing from the module e.g. "/Common/vsname".

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `availability_requirements` (String) If you activate more than one health monitor, specifies the number of health monitors that must receive successful responses in order for the link to be considered available.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datacenter` (String) Data center to which the server belongs. When creating a new GTM server, this value is required.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `devices` (String) Lists the self IP addresses and translations for each device. When creating a new GTM server, this value is required. This list is a complex list that specifies a number of keys. The `name` key specifies a name for the device. The device name must be unique per server. This key is required. The `address` key contains an IP address, or list of IP addresses, for the destination server. This key is required. The `translation` key contains an IP address to translate the `address` value above to. This key is optional. Specifying duplicate `name` fields is a supported means of providing device addresses. In this scenario, the addresses will be assigned to the `name`'s list of addresses.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `iquery_options` (String) Specifies whether the Global Traffic Manager uses this BIG-IP system to conduct a variety of probes before delegating traffic to it.
- `limits` (String) Specifies resource thresholds or limit requirements at the pool member level. When you enable one or more limit settings, the system then uses that data to take members in and out of service. You can define limits for any or all of the limit settings. However, when a member does not meet the resource threshold limit requirement, the system marks the member as unavailable and directs load balancing traffic to another resource.
- `link_discovery` (String) Specifies whether the system auto-discovers the links for this server. When creating a new GTM server, if this parameter is not specified, the default value `disabled` is used. If you set this parameter to `enabled` or `enabled-no-delete`, you must also ensure the `virtual_server_discovery` parameter is also set to `enabled` or `enabled-no-delete`.
- `monitors` (String) Specifies the health monitors the system currently uses to monitor this resource. When `availability_requirements.type` is `require`, you may only have a single monitor in the `monitors` list.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prober_fallback` (String) Specifies the type of prober to use to monitor this server's resources when the preferred prober is not available. This option is ignored in `TMOS` version `12.x`. From `TMOS` version `13.x` and up, when prober_preference is set to `pool` a `prober_pool` parameter must be specified. The choices are mutually exclusive with prober_preference parameter, with the exception of the `any-available` or `none` options.
- `prober_pool` (String) Specifies the name of the prober pool to use to monitor this server's resources. In `TMOS` version `13.x` and later, this parameter is mandatory when `prober_preference` is set to `pool`. The format of the name can be either be prepended by partition (`/Common/foo`), or specified just as an object name (`foo`). In `TMOS` version `12.x`, prober_pool can be set to an empty string to revert to default setting of `inherit`.
- `prober_preference` (String) Specifies the type of prober to use to monitor this server's resources. This option is ignored in `TMOS` version `12.x`. From `TMOS` version `13.x` and up, when prober_preference is set to `pool` a `prober_pool` parameter must be specified.
- `server_type` (String) Specifies the server type. The server type determines the metrics the system can collect from the server. When creating a new GTM server, the default value `bigip` is used.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The server state. If `absent`, the module attempts to delete the server. This will only succeed if this server is not in use by a virtual server. `present` creates the server and enables it. If `enabled`, enables the server if it exists. If `disabled`, creates the server if needed, and sets state to `disabled`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `virtual_server_discovery` (String) Specifies whether the system auto-discovers the virtual servers for this server. When creating a new GTM server, if this parameter is not specified, the default value `disabled` is used.

### Read-Only

- `bits_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the bits limit is enabled.
- `bits_limit` (Number) The new bits_enabled limit.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `connections_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the connections limit is enabled.
- `connections_limit` (Number) The new connections_limit limit.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `packets_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the packets limit is enabled.
- `packets_limit` (Number) The new packets_limit limit.
