---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_profile_http_compression Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_profile_http_compression (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the compression profile.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `buffer_size` (Number) Maximum number of compressed bytes the system buffers before inserting a Content-Length header (which specifies the compressed size) into the response. When creating a new profile, if this parameter is not specified, the default is provided by the parent profile.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `content_type_include` (String) Specifies the list of the content types that are allowed.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the HTTP compression profile.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gzip_level` (Number) Specifies the degree to which the system compresses the content. Higher compression levels cause the compression process to be slower. Valid values are between 1 (least compression and fastest) to 9 (most compression and slowest).
- `gzip_memory_level` (Number) Number of kilobytes of memory the system uses for internal compression buffers when compressing a server response.
- `gzip_window_size` (Number) Number of kilobytes in the window size the system uses when compressing a server response.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `parent` (String) Specifies the profile from which this profile inherits settings. When creating a new profile, if this parameter is not specified, the default is the system-supplied `httpcompression` profile.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `present`, ensures the profile exists. When `absent`, ensures the profile is removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
