---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigiq_device_discovery Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigiq_device_discovery (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `device_address` (String) The IP address of the BIG-IP device to be imported/managed. For this module, `provider` block should point to `BIG-IQ` credentials
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `access_conflict_policy` (String) Sets the conflict resolution policy for Access module `apm` objects. Only used when the `apm` module is specified.
- `access_group_first_device` (Boolean) Specifies if the imported device is the first device in the access group to import shared configuration for that access group.
- `access_group_name` (String) Access group name to import Access configuration for devices. Once set it cannot be changed.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `conflict_policy` (String) Sets the conflict resolution policy for shared objects across BIG-IP devices, except LTM profiles and monitors.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device_conflict_policy` (String) Sets the conflict resolution policy for objects that are specific to a particular to a BIG-IP device and not shared among BIG-IP devices.
- `device_password` (String) The administrator password for the BIG-IP device. This parameter is only required when adding a new BIG-IP device to be managed.
- `device_port` (Number) The port on which a device trust setup between BIG-IQ and BIG-IP should happen.
- `device_username` (String) The administrator username for the BIG-IP device. This parameter is only required when adding a new BIG-IP device to be managed.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Forces rediscovery and import of existing modules on the managed BIG-IP.
- `ha_name` (String) DSC cluster name of the BIG-IP device to be managed. This is optional if the managed device is not a part of a cluster group. When `use_bigiq_sync` is set to `true`, this parameter is required.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `modules` (String) List of modules to be discovered and imported into the device. These modules must be provisioned on the target device, otherwise operation will fail. The `ltm` module must always be specified when performing discovery or re-discovery of the the device. When `asm` or `afm` are specified, the `shared_security` module also needs to be declared.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of the managed device on the system. When `present`, enables new device addition as well as device rediscovery/import. When `absent`, completely removes the device from the system.
- `statistics` (String) Specify the statistics collection for discovered device.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_bigiq_sync` (Boolean) When set to `false`, initiate BIG-IP DSC sync when deploying configuration changes. When set to `true`, ignore BIG-IP DSC sync when deploying configuration changes.
- `versioned_conflict_policy` (String) Sets the conflict resolution policy for LTM profile and monitor objects that are specific to a BIG-IP software version.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
