---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_file_copy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_file_copy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datastore` (String) Specifies the datastore to put the file in. There are several different datastores and each of them allows files to be exposed in different ways. When `external-monitor`, the specified file will be stored as an external monitor file and be available for use in external monitors. When `ifile`, the specified file will be stored as an iFile. When `lw4o6-table`, the specified file will be stored as a Lightweight 4 over 6 (lw4o6) tunnel binding table, which includes an IPv6 address for the lwB4, public IPv4 address, and restricted port set.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Force overwriting a file. By default, files are only overwritten if the SHA of the file is different for the given filename. This parameter can be used to force overwriting the file even if it already exists and its SHA matches. The `lw4o6-table` datastore does not keep checksums of its file. Therefore, you would need to provide this argument to update any of these files.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The name of the file as it should reside on the BIG-IP. If this is not specified, then the filename provided in the `source` parameter is used instead.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) Specifies the path of the file to upload. This parameter is required if `state` is `present`.
- `state` (String) When `present`, ensures the resource exists. When `absent`, ensures the resource is removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
