---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_asm_policy_fetch Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_asm_policy_fetch (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the policy exported to create a file on the remote device for downloading.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `base64` (Boolean) If `true`, the returned `inline` ASM policy content is Base64 encoded. Only applies to `inline` ASM policy exports.
- `binary` (Boolean) If `true`, the exported ASM policy is in binary format. Only applies to `file` ASM policy exports.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `compact` (Boolean) If `true`, only the ASM policy custom settings is exported. Only applies to XML type ASM policy exports.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dest` (String) A directory to save the policy file into. This option is ignored when `inline` is set to `true`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `file` (String) The name of the file to be created on the remote device for downloading. When `binary` is set to `false` the ASM policy is in XML format.
- `force` (Boolean) If `false`, the file will only be transferred if it does not exist in the the destination.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `inline` (Boolean) If `true`, the ASM policy is exported `inline` as a string instead of a file. The policy can be be retrieved in the playbook `result` dictionary under the `inline_policy` key.
- `partition` (String) Device partition which contains the ASM policy to export.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
