---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_device_dns Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_device_dns (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cache` (String) Specifies whether the system caches DNS lookups or performs the operation each time a lookup is needed. Note this applies only to Access Policy Manager (APM) features, such as ACLs, web application rewrites, and authentication.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_version` (Number) Specifies whether the DNS specifies IP addresses using IPv4 or IPv6.
- `name_servers` (String) A list of name servers the system uses to validate DNS lookups
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `search` (String) A list of domains the system searches for local domain lookups, to resolve local host names.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of the variable on the system. When `present`, guarantees an existing variable is set to `value`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `warnings` (String) The list of warnings (if any) generated by module based on arguments
