---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_gtm_topology_region Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_gtm_topology_region (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the region.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on. Partition parameter is also taken into account when used in conjunction with `pool`, `data_center`, and `region` parameters.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `region_members` (String) Specifies the list of region members. This list of members is all or nothing, in order to add or remove a member, you must specify the entire list of members. The list will override what is on the device, if different. If you specify an empty list, the region members list is removed.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `state` is `present`, ensures the region exists. When `state` is `absent`, ensures the region is removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
