---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_monitor_dns Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_monitor_dns (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the monitor.

### Optional

- `accept_rcode` (String) Specifies the RCODE required in the response for an up status. When creating a new monitor, if this parameter is not specified, the default value is `no-error`. When `no-error`, specifies the status of the node is marked up if the received DNS message has no error. When `anything`, specifies the status of the node is marked up irrespective of the RCODE in the DNS message received. If this parameter is set to `anything`, it disregards the `receive` string, and nullify it if the monitor is being updated.
- `adaptive` (Boolean) Specifies whether adaptive response time monitoring is enabled for this monitor. When `true`, the monitor determines the state of a service based on how divergent from the mean latency a monitor probe for that service is allowed to be. Also, values for the `allowed_divergence`, `adaptive_limit`, and and `sampling_timespan` are enforced. When `disabled`, the monitor determines the state of a service based on the `interval`, `up_interval`, `time_until_up`, and `timeout` monitor settings.
- `adaptive_limit` (Number) Specifies the absolute number of milliseconds that may not be exceeded by a monitor probe, regardless of `allowed_divergence` setting, for a probe to be considered successful. This value applies regardless of the value of the `allowed_divergence` setting. While this value can be configured when `adaptive` is `false`, it will not take effect on the system until `adaptive` is `true`.
- `allowed_divergence_type` (String) When specifying a new monitor, if `adaptive` is `true`, the default is `relative`. When `absolute`, the number of milliseconds the latency of a monitor probe can exceed the mean latency of a monitor probe for the service being probed. In typical cases, if the monitor detects three probes in a row that miss the latency value you set, the pool member or node is marked down. When `relative`, the percentage of deviation the latency of a monitor probe can exceed the mean latency of a monitor probe for the service being probed.
- `allowed_divergence_value` (Number) When specifying a new monitor, if `adaptive` is `true`, and `type` is `relative`, the default is `25` percent.
- `answer_section_contains` (String) Specifies the type of DNS query the monitor sends. When creating a new monitor, if this value is not specified, the default value is `query-type`. When `query-type`, specifies that the response should contain at least one answer of which the resource record type matches the query type. When `any-type`, specifies the DNS message should contain at least one answer. When `anything`, specifies an empty answer is enough to mark the status of the node up.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the monitor.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interval` (Number) The interval specifying how frequently the monitor instance of this template will run. This value **must** be less than the `timeout` value. When creating a new monitor, if this parameter is not provided, the default `5` is used.
- `ip` (String) IP address part of the IP/port definition. If this parameter is not provided when creating a new monitor, the default value will be `*`.
- `manual_resume` (Boolean) Specifies whether the system automatically changes the status of a resource to **enabled** at the next successful monitor check. If `true`, you must manually re-enable the resource before the system can use it for load balancing connections. When creating a new monitor, if this parameter is not specified, the default value is `false`. When `true`, specifies you must manually re-enable the resource after an unsuccessful monitor check. When `false`, specifies the system automatically changes the status of a resource to **enabled** at the next successful monitor check.
- `parent` (String) The parent template of this monitor template. Once this value has been set, it cannot be changed. By default, this value is the `dns` parent on the `Common` partition.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (String) Port address part of the IP/port definition. If this parameter is not provided when creating a new monitor, the default value will be `*`. Note that if specifying an IP address, you must use a value between 1 and 65535.
- `query_name` (String) Specifies a query name for the monitor to use in a DNS query.
- `query_type` (String) Specifies the type of DNS query the monitor sends. When creating a new monitor, if this parameter is not specified, the default value is `a`. When `a`, specifies the monitor will send a DNS query of type A. When `aaaa`, specifies the monitor will send a DNS query of type AAAA.
- `receive` (String) Specifies the IP address the monitor uses from the resource record sections of the DNS response. The IP address should be specified in the dotted-decimal notation or IPv6 notation.
- `reverse` (Boolean) Specifies whether the monitor operates in reverse mode. When the monitor is in reverse mode, a successful receive string match marks the monitored object down instead of up. You can use the this mode only if you configure the `receive` option. This parameter is not compatible with the `time_until_up` parameter. If `time_until_up` is specified, it must be `0`. Or, if it already exists, it must be `0`.
- `sampling_timespan` (Number) Specifies the length, in seconds, of the probe history window the system uses to calculate the mean latency and standard deviation of a monitor probe. While this value can be configured when `adaptive` is `false`, it will not take effect on the system until `adaptive` is `true`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `present`, ensures the monitor exists. When `absent`, ensures the monitor is removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `time_until_up` (Number) Specifies the amount of time in seconds after the first successful response before a node will be marked up. A value of 0 will cause a node to be marked up immediately after a valid response is received from the node. If this parameter is not provided when creating a new monitor, the default value will be `0`.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `transparent` (Boolean) Specifies whether the monitor operates in transparent mode. Monitors in transparent mode can monitor pool members through firewalls. When creating a new monitor, if this parameter is not provided, the default value is `false`.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `up_interval` (Number) Specifies the interval for the system to use to perform the health check when a resource is up. When `0`, specifies the system uses the interval specified in `interval` to check the health of the resource. When any other number, enables you to specify a different interval to use when checking the health of a resource that is up. When creating a new monitor, if this parameter is not provided, the default `0` is used.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
