---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_firewall_global_rules Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_firewall_global_rules (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description for the global list of firewall rules.
- `enforced_policy` (String) Specifies an enforced firewall policy. `enforced_policy` rules are enforced globally.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `service_policy` (String) Specifies a service policy that would apply to traffic globally. The service policy is applied to all flows, provided there are no other context specific service policy configurations that override the global service policy. For example, when a service policy is configured both at a global level and on a firewall rule, and a flow matches the rule, the more specific service policy configuration in the rule will override the service policy setting at the global level. The service policy associated here can be created using the `bigip_service_policy` module.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `staged_policy` (String) Specifies a staged firewall policy. `staged_policy` rules are not enforced while all the visibility aspects (statistics, reporting, and logging) function as if the staged-policy rules were enforced globally.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
