---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_gtm_pool Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_gtm_pool (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the GTM pool.
- `type` (String) The type of GTM pool you want to create.

### Optional

- `alternate_lb_method` (String) The load balancing mode the system tries if the `preferred_lb_method` is unsuccessful in picking a pool.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `availability_requirements` (String) If you activate more than one health monitor, specifies the number of health monitors that must receive successful responses in order for the link to be considered available.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fallback_ip` (String) Specifies the IPv4 or IPv6 address of the server to which the system directs requests when it cannot use one of its pools to do so. Note that the system uses the fallback IP only if you select the `fallback_ip` load balancing method.
- `fallback_lb_method` (String) The load balancing mode the system tries if both the `preferred_lb_method` and `alternate_lb_method`s are unsuccessful in picking a pool.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `max_answers_returned` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of available virtual servers the system lists in a response. The maximum is 500.
- `members` (String) Members to assign to the pool. The order of the members in this list is the order they will be listed in the pool.
- `monitors` (String) Specifies the health monitors the system currently uses to monitor this resource. When `availability_requirements.type` is `require`, you may only have a single monitor in the `monitors` list.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `preferred_lb_method` (String) The load balancing mode the system tries first.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Pool state. When `present`, ensures the pool is created and enabled. When `absent`, ensures the pool is removed from the system. When `enabled` or `disabled`, ensures the pool is enabled or disabled (respectively) on the remote device.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `ttl` (Number) Specifies the number of seconds the IP address, once found, is valid.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
