---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_ucs Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_ucs (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `ucs` (String) The path to the UCS file to install. The parameter must be provided if the `state` is either `installed` or `activated`. When `state` is `absent`, the full path for this parameter is ignored and only the filename is used to select a UCS for removal. Therefore you could specify `/foo/bar/test.ucs` and this module would only look for `test.ucs`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) If `true`, the system uploads the file every time and replaces the file on the device. If `false`, the file is only uploaded if it does not already exist. Generally should only be `true` in cases where you believe the image was corrupted during upload.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `include_chassis_level_config` (Boolean) During restoration of the UCS file, includes chassis level configuration that is shared among boot volume sets. For example, the cluster default configuration.
- `no_license` (Boolean) Performs a full restore of the UCS file and all the files it contains, with the exception of the license file. The option must be used to restore a UCS on RMA (Returned Materials Authorization) devices.
- `no_platform_check` (Boolean) Bypasses the platform check and allows installation of a UCS that was created using a different platform. By default (without this option), installation of a UCS created from a different platform is not allowed.
- `passphrase` (String) Specifies the passphrase that is necessary to load the specified UCS file.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reset_trust` (Boolean) When specified, the device and trust domain certs and keys are not loaded from the UCS. Instead, a new set is generated.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `installed`, ensures the UCS is uploaded and installed on the system. When `present`, ensures the UCS is uploaded. When `absent`, the UCS is removed from the system. When `installed`, the uploading of the UCS is idempotent, however the installation of that configuration is not idempotent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
