---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_ucs_fetch Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_ucs_fetch (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `async_timeout` (Number) Parameter used when creating new UCS file on a device. The number of seconds to wait for the API async interface to complete its task. The accepted value range is between `150` and `1800` seconds.
- `backup` (Boolean) Creates a backup file including the timestamp information so you can get the original file back if you overwrote it incorrectly.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `create_on_missing` (Boolean) Creates the UCS based on the value of `src`, if the file does not already exist on the remote system. When set to `false`, with `fail_on_missing` set to `false` the module will return no change if the ucs file is missing on device.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dest` (String) A directory to save the UCS file into. This option is mandatory when `only_create_file` is set to `false`.
- `encryption_password` (String) Password to use to encrypt the UCS file if desired.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `fail_on_missing` (Boolean) Make the module fail if the UCS file on the remote system is missing. This option always takes precedence over `create_on_missing`, hence when set to `true`, the module will always fail if the UCS is missing, even if `create_on_missing` option is set to `true`. When set to `false`, with `create_on_missing` set to `false` the module will return no change if the ucs file is missing on device.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) If `false`, the file is only transferred if the destination does not exist.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `only_create_file` (Boolean) If `true`, the file is created on the device and not downloaded. If the UCS archive exists on the device, no change is made and the file is not downloaded. To recreate UCS files left on the device, remove them with the `bigip_ucs` module before running this module with `only_create_file` set to `true`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `src` (String) The name of the UCS file to create on the remote server for downloading. The file is retrieved or created in /var/local/ucs/. This option is mandatory when `only_create_file` is set to `true`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `backup_file` (String) Name of the backup file.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `checksum` (String) The SHA1 checksum of the downloaded file.
- `gid` (Number) Group ID of the UCS file, after execution.
- `group` (String) Group of the UCS file, after execution.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `md5sum` (String) The MD5 checksum of the downloaded file.
- `mode` (String) Permissions of the target UCS, after execution.
- `owner` (String) Owner of the UCS file, after execution.
- `size` (Number) Size of the target UCS, after execution.
- `uid` (Number) Owner ID of the UCS file, after execution.
