---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_vlan Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_vlan (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The VLAN to manage. If the special VLAN `ALL` is specified with the `state` value of `absent`, all VLANs will be removed.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cmp_hash` (String) Specifies how the traffic on the VLAN is disaggregated. The value you select determines the traffic disaggregation method. You can choose to disaggregate traffic based on `source-address` (the source IP address), `destination-address` (destination IP address), or `default`, which specifies the default CMP hash uses L4 ports. When creating a new VLAN, if this parameter is not specified, the default is `default`.
- `dag_round_robin` (Boolean) Specifies whether some of the stateless traffic on the VLAN should be disaggregated in a round-robin order instead of using a static hash. The stateless traffic includes non-IP L2 traffic, ICMP, some UDP protocols, and so on. When creating a new VLAN, if this parameter is not specified, the default is (false).
- `dag_tunnel` (String) Specifies how the disaggregator (DAG) distributes received tunnel-encapsulated packets to TMM instances. Select `inner` to distribute packets based on information in inner headers. Select `outer` to distribute packets based on information in outer headers without inspecting inner headers. When creating a new VLAN, if this parameter is not specified, the default is `outer`. This parameter is not supported on Virtual Editions (VEs) of BIG-IP.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the VLAN.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `fail_safe` (Boolean) When `true`, specifies the VLAN takes the specified `fail_safe_action` if the system detects a loss of traffic on this VLAN's interfaces.
- `fail_safe_action` (String) Specifies the action the system takes when it does not detect any traffic on this VLAN, and the `fail_safe_timeout` has expired.
- `fail_safe_timeout` (Number) Specifies the number of seconds a system can run without detecting network traffic on this VLAN before it takes the `fail_safe_action`.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hw_syn_cookie` (Boolean) Enables hardware syncookie mode on a VLAN. When `true`, the hardware per-VLAN SYN cookie protection is triggered when the certain traffic threshold is reached on supported platforms.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interfaces` (String) Interfaces you want to add to the VLAN. This can include both tagged and untagged interfaces, as the `tagging` parameter specifies. This parameter is mutually exclusive with the `untagged_interfaces` and `tagged_interfaces` parameters.
- `mtu` (Number) Specifies the maximum transmission unit (MTU) for traffic on this VLAN. When creating a new VLAN, if this parameter is not specified, the default value used is `1500`. This number must be between 576 to 9198.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `sflow_poll_interval` (Number) Specifies the maximum interval in seconds between two pollings.
- `sflow_sampling_rate` (Number) Specifies the ratio of packets observed to the samples generated.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_check` (Boolean) When `true`, specifies the system verifies the return route to an initial packet is the same VLAN from which the packet originated. The system performs this verification only if the `auto_last_hop` option is `false`.
- `state` (String) The state of the VLAN on the system. When `present`, guarantees the VLAN exists with the provided attributes. When `absent`, removes the VLAN from the system.
- `tag` (Number) Tag number for the VLAN. The tag number can be any integer between 1 and 4094. The system automatically assigns a tag number if you do not specify a value.
- `tagged_interfaces` (String) Specifies a list of tagged interfaces and trunks you want to configure for the VLAN. Use tagged interfaces or trunks when you want to assign a single interface or trunk to multiple VLANs. This parameter is mutually exclusive with the `untagged_interfaces` and `interfaces` parameters.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `untagged_interfaces` (String) Specifies a list of untagged interfaces and trunks you want to configure for the VLAN. This parameter is mutually exclusive with the `tagged_interfaces` and `interfaces` parameters.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
