---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_gtm_pool_member Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_gtm_pool_member (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `pool` (String) Name of the GTM pool. For pools created on different partitions, you must specify partition of the pool in the full path format, for example, `/FooBar/pool_name`.
- `type` (String) The type of GTM pool that the member is in.

### Optional

- `aggregate` (String) List of GTM pool member definitions to be created, modified, or removed. When using `aggregates`, if one of the aggregate definitions is invalid, the aggregate run will fail, indicating the error it last encountered. The module will `NOT` rollback any changes it has made prior to encountering the error. The module also will not indicate what changes were made prior to failure, therefore we strongly advise you run the module in check mode to make basic validation, prior to module execution.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description of the pool member.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `limits` (String) Specifies resource thresholds or limit requirements at the pool member level. When you enable one or more limit settings, the system then uses that data to take members in and out of service. You can define limits for any or all of the limit settings. However, when a member does not meet the resource threshold limit requirement, the system marks the member as unavailable and directs load balancing traffic to another resource.
- `member_order` (Number) Specifies the order in which the member will appear in the pool. The system uses this number with load balancing methods that involve prioritizing pool members, such as the Ratio load balancing method.
- `monitor` (String) Specifies the monitor assigned to this pool member. Pool members only support a single monitor. If the `port` of the `gtm_virtual_server` is `*`, the accepted values of this parameter will be affected. If this parameter is not specified when creating a new pool member, the default of `default` will be used. To remove the monitor from the pool member, use the value `none`.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `ratio` (Number) Specifies the weight of the pool member for load balancing purposes.
- `replace_all_with` (Boolean) Removes members not defined in the `aggregate` parameter. This operation is all or none, meaning it will stop if there are some pool members that cannot be removed.
- `server_name` (String) Specifies the GTM server which contains the `virtual_server`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Pool member state. When `present`, ensures the pool member is created and enabled. When `absent`, ensures the pool member is removed from the system. When `enabled` or `disabled`, ensures the pool member is enabled or disabled (respectively) on the remote device.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `virtual_server` (String) Specifies the name of the GTM virtual server which is assigned to the specified `server`.

### Read-Only

- `bits_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the bits limit is enabled.
- `bits_limit` (Number) The new bits_enabled limit.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `connections_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the connections limit is enabled.
- `connections_limit` (Number) The new connections_limit limit.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether the pool member is disabled or not.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the pool member is enabled or not.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `packets_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the packets limit is enabled.
- `packets_limit` (Number) The new packets_limit limit.
