---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_message_routing_transport_config Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_message_routing_transport_config (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the transport config to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The user-defined description of the transport config.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to create transport-config object on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `profiles` (String) Specifies a list of profiles for the outgoing connection to use to direct and manage traffic.
- `rules` (String) The iRules you want run on this transport config. iRules help automate the intercepting, processing, and routing of application traffic.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `src_addr_translation` (String) Specifies the type of source address translation enabled for the transport config and the pool the source address translation will use.
- `src_port` (Number) Specifies the source port for the connection being created. If no value is specified an ephemeral port is chosen for the connection being created. The acceptable range is between 0 and 65535 inclusive.
- `state` (String) When `present`, ensures the transport-config object exists. When `absent`, ensures the transport-config object is removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Parameter used to specify the type of transport-config object to manage. Default setting is `generic` with more options coming.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `source_port` (Number) The source port for the connection being created.
