---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_tunnel Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_tunnel (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the tunnel.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_last_hop` (String) Allows you to configure auto last hop on a per-tunnel basis. When creating a new tunnel, if this parameter is supported by the tunnel profile but not specified, the default is `default`. When `default`, means that the system uses the global auto-lasthop setting to send back the request. When `enabled`, allows the system to send return traffic to the MAC address that transmitted the request, even if the routing table points to a different network or interface. As a result, the system can send return traffic to clients even when there is no matching route.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the tunnel.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key` (Number) When applied to a GRE tunnel, this value specifies an optional field in the GRE header, used to authenticate the source of the packet. When applied to a VXLAN or Geneve tunnel, this value specifies the Virtual Network Identifier (VNI). When applied to an NVGRE tunnel, this value specifies the Virtual Subnet Identifier (VSID). When creating a new tunnel, if this parameter is supported by the tunnel profile but not specified, the default value is `0`.
- `local_address` (String) Specifies the IP address of the local endpoint of the tunnel.
- `mode` (String) Specifies how the tunnel carries traffic. When creating a new tunnel, if this parameter is supported by the tunnel profile but not specified, the default is `bidirectional`. When `bidirectional`, specifies that the tunnel carries both inbound and outbound traffic. When `inbound`, specifies that the tunnel carries only incoming traffic. When `outbound`, specifies that the tunnel carries only outgoing traffic.
- `mtu` (Number) Specifies the maximum transmission unit (MTU) of the tunnel. When creating a new tunnel, if this parameter is supported by the tunnel profile but not specified, the default value is `0`. The valid range is from `0` to `65515`.
- `partition` (String) Device partition to manage resources on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `profile` (String) Specifies the profile to associate with the tunnel for handling traffic. Depending on your selection, other settings become available or disappear. This parameter may not be changed after it is set.
- `remote_address` (String) Specifies the IP address of the remote endpoint of the tunnel. For `dslite`, `fec` (when configuring the FEC tunnel for receiving traffic only), `v6rd` (configured as a border relay), or `map`, the tunnel must have an unspecified remote address (any).
- `secondary_address` (String) Specifies a non-floating IP address for the tunnel, to be used with host-initiated traffic.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `present`, ensures that the tunnel exists. When `absent`, ensures the tunnel is removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tos` (String) Specifies the Type of Service (TOS) value to insert in the encapsulating header of transmitted packets. When creating a new tunnel, if this parameter is supported by the tunnel profile but not specified, the default value is `preserve`. When `preserve`, the system copies the TOS value from the inner header to the outer header. You may also specify a numeric value. The possible values are from `0` to `255`.
- `traffic_group` (String) Specifies the traffic group to associate with the tunnel. This value cannot be changed after it is set. This is a limitation of BIG-IP.
- `transparent` (Boolean) Specifies that the tunnel operates in transparent mode. When `true`, you can inspect and manipulate the encapsulated traffic flowing through the BIG-IP system. A transparent tunnel terminates a tunnel while presenting the illusion that the tunnel transits the device unmodified (that is, the BIG-IP system appears as if it were an intermediate router that simply routes IP traffic through the device).
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_pmtu` (Boolean) Enables or disables the tunnel to use the PMTU (Path MTU) information provided by ICMP NeedFrag error messages. If `true` and the tunnel `mtu` is set to `0`, the tunnel will use the PMTU information. If `true` and the tunnel `mtu` is fixed to a non-zero value, the tunnel will use the minimum of PMTU and MTU. If `false`, the tunnel will use fixed MTU or calculate its MTU using tunnel encapsulation configurations.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `param1` (Boolean) The new param1 value of the resource.
- `param2` (String) The new param2 value of the resource.
