---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_software_image Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_f5networks_f5_modules_bigip_software_image (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `image` (String) The image to put on the remote device. This may be an absolute or relative location on the Ansible controller. Image names, whether they are base ISOs or hotfix ISOs, **must** be unique.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) When `true`, uploads the file every time and replaces the file on the device. When `false`, the file is only uploaded if it does not already exist. Generally should be `true` only in cases where you have reason to believe the image was corrupted during upload.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When `present`, ensures the image is uploaded. When `absent`, ensures the image is removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `build` (String) Build version of the software contained in the image.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `checksum` (String) MD5 checksum of the ISO.
- `file_size` (Number) Size of the uploaded image in MB.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `image_type` (String) Whether the image is a release or hotfix image.
- `version` (String) Version of the software contained in the image.
