---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_fortinet_fortimanager_fmgr_generic Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_fortinet_fortimanager_fmgr_generic (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) The token to access FortiManager without using username and password.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable_log` (Boolean) Enable/Disable logging for task
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `forticloud_access_token` (String) authenticate Ansible client with forticloud API access token
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `json` (String) the raw json-formatted payload to send to fortimanager
- `method` (String) the method of the json-rpc it must be in [get, add, set, update, delete, move, clone, exec]
- `params` (String) the parameter collection.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rc_failed` (String) the rc codes list with which the conditions to fail will be overriden
- `rc_succeeded` (String) the rc codes list with which the conditions to succeed will be overriden
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `workspace_locking_adom` (String) no description
- `workspace_locking_timeout` (Number) no description

### Read-Only

- `api_result` (String) full API response, includes status code and message
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
