---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_fortinet_fortimanager_fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_pop3s Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_fortinet_fortimanager_fmgr_firewall_sslsshprofile_pop3s (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `adom` (String) The parameter (adom) in requested url.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) The token to access FortiManager without using username and password.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bypass_validation` (Boolean) Only set to True when module schema diffs with FortiManager API structure, module continues to execute without validating parameters.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable_log` (Boolean) Enable/Disable logging for task.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `firewall_sslsshprofile_pop3s` (String) The top level parameters set.
- `forticloud_access_token` (String) Authenticate Ansible client with forticloud API access token.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `proposed_method` (String) The overridden method for the underlying Json RPC request.
- `rc_failed` (String) The rc codes list with which the conditions to fail will be overriden.
- `rc_succeeded` (String) The rc codes list with which the conditions to succeed will be overriden.
- `revision_note` (String) The change note that can be specified when an object is created or updated.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssl-ssh-profile` (String) Deprecated, please use "ssl_ssh_profile"
- `ssl_ssh_profile` (String) The parameter (ssl-ssh-profile) in requested url.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `workspace_locking_adom` (String) The adom to lock for FortiManager running in workspace mode, the value can be global and others including root.
- `workspace_locking_timeout` (Number) The maximum time in seconds to wait for other user to release the workspace lock.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `meta` (String) The result of the request.
- `rc` (Number) The status the request.
- `version_check_warning` (String) Warning if the parameters used in the playbook are not supported by the current FortiManager version.
