---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_gather_facts Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_gather_facts (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `parallel` (Boolean) A toggle that controls if the fact modules are executed in parallel or serially and in order. This can guarantee the merge order of module facts at the expense of performance. By default it will be true if more than one fact module is used. For low cost/delay fact modules parallelism overhead might end up meaning the whole process takes longer. Test your specific case to see if it is a speed improvement or not. The C(ansible_facts_parallel) variable can be used to set this option, overriding the default, but not the direct assignment of the option in the task.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) Full raw JSON result from Ansible
