---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_get_url Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_get_url (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dest` (String) Absolute path of where to download the file to. If O(dest) is a directory, either the server provided filename or, if none provided, the base name of the URL on the remote server will be used. If a directory, O(force) has no effect. If O(dest) is a directory, the file will always be downloaded (regardless of the O(force) and O(checksum) option), but replaced only if the contents changed.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `url` (String) HTTP, HTTPS, or FTP URL in the form C((http|https|ftp)://[user[:pass]]@host.domain[:port]/path).

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file including the timestamp information so you can get the original file back if you somehow clobbered it incorrectly.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `checksum` (String) If a checksum is passed to this parameter, the digest of the destination file will be calculated after it is downloaded to ensure its integrity and verify that the transfer completed successfully. Format: <algorithm>:<checksum|url>, for example C(checksum="sha256:D98291AC[...]B6DC7B97"), C(checksum="sha256:http://example.com/path/sha256sum.txt"). If you worry about portability, only the sha1 algorithm is available on all platforms and python versions. The Python C(hashlib) module is responsible for providing the available algorithms. The choices vary based on Python version and OpenSSL version. On systems running in FIPS compliant mode, the C(md5) algorithm may be unavailable. Additionally, if a checksum is passed to this parameter, and the file exist under the O(dest) location, the C(destination_checksum) would be calculated, and if checksum equals C(destination_checksum), the file download would be skipped (unless O(force=true)). If the checksum does not equal C(destination_checksum), the destination file is deleted. If the checksum URL requires username and password, O(url_username) and O(url_password) are used to download the checksum file.
- `ciphers` (String) SSL/TLS Ciphers to use for the request. When a list is provided, all ciphers are joined in order with C(:). See the L(OpenSSL Cipher List Format,https://www.openssl.org/docs/manmaster/man1/openssl-ciphers.html#CIPHER-LIST-FORMAT) for more details. The available ciphers is dependent on the Python and OpenSSL/LibreSSL versions.
- `client_cert` (String) PEM formatted certificate chain file to be used for SSL client authentication. This file can also include the key as well, and if the key is included, O(client_key) is not required.
- `client_key` (String) PEM formatted file that contains your private key to be used for SSL client authentication. If O(client_cert) contains both the certificate and key, this option is not required.
- `decompress` (Boolean) Whether to attempt to decompress gzip content-encoded responses.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) If V(true) and O(dest) is not a directory, will download the file every time and replace the file if the contents change. If V(false), the file will only be downloaded if the destination does not exist. Generally should be V(true) only for small local files. Prior to 0.6, this module behaved as if V(true) was the default.
- `force_basic_auth` (Boolean) Force the sending of the Basic authentication header upon initial request. httplib2, the library used by the uri module only sends authentication information when a webservice responds to an initial request with a 401 status. Since some basic auth services do not properly send a 401, logins will fail.
- `headers` (String) Add custom HTTP headers to a request in hash/dict format. The hash/dict format was added in Ansible 2.6. Previous versions used a C("key:value,key:value") string format. The C("key:value,key:value") string format is deprecated and has been removed in version 2.10.
- `http_agent` (String) Header to identify as, generally appears in web server logs.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tmp_dest` (String) Absolute path of where temporary file is downloaded to. When run on Ansible 2.5 or greater, path defaults to ansible's C(remote_tmp) setting. When run on Ansible prior to 2.5, it defaults to E(TMPDIR), E(TEMP) or E(TMP) env variables or a platform specific value. U(https://docs.python.org/3/library/tempfile.html#tempfile.tempdir).
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unredirected_headers` (String) A list of header names that will not be sent on subsequent redirected requests. This list is case insensitive. By default all headers will be redirected. In some cases it may be beneficial to list headers such as C(Authorization) here to avoid potential credential exposure.
- `url_password` (String) The password for use in HTTP basic authentication. If the O(url_username) parameter is not specified, the O(url_password) parameter will not be used. Since version 2.8 you can also use the O(password) alias for this option.
- `url_username` (String) The username for use in HTTP basic authentication. This parameter can be used without O(url_password) for sites that allow empty passwords. Since version 2.8 you can also use the O(username) alias for this option.
- `use_gssapi` (Boolean) Use GSSAPI to perform the authentication, typically this is for Kerberos or Kerberos through Negotiate authentication. Requires the Python library L(gssapi,https://github.com/pythongssapi/python-gssapi) to be installed. Credentials for GSSAPI can be specified with O(url_username)/O(url_password) or with the GSSAPI env var E(KRB5CCNAME) that specified a custom Kerberos credential cache. NTLM authentication is I(not) supported even if the GSSAPI mech for NTLM has been installed.
- `use_netrc` (Boolean) Determining whether to use credentials from C(~/.netrc) file. By default C(.netrc) is used with Basic authentication headers. When V(false), C(.netrc) credentials are ignored.
- `use_proxy` (Boolean) if V(false), it will not use a proxy, even if one is defined in an environment variable on the target hosts.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If V(false), SSL certificates will not be validated. This should only be used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates.

### Read-Only

- `backup_file` (String) name of backup file created after download
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `checksum_dest` (String) sha1 checksum of the file after copy
- `checksum_src` (String) sha1 checksum of the file
- `elapsed` (Number) The number of seconds that elapsed while performing the download
- `gid` (Number) group id of the file
- `group` (String) group of the file
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `md5sum` (String) md5 checksum of the file after download
- `mode` (String) permissions of the target
- `msg` (String) the HTTP message from the request
- `owner` (String) owner of the file
- `result` (String) Full raw JSON result from Ansible
- `secontext` (String) the SELinux security context of the file
- `size` (Number) size of the target
- `src` (String) source file used after download
- `state` (String) state of the target
- `status_code` (Number) the HTTP status code from the request
- `uid` (Number) owner id of the file, after execution
