---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_getent Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_getent (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The name of a getent database supported by the target system (passwd, group, hosts, etc).
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `fail_key` (Boolean) If a supplied key is missing this will make the task fail if V(true).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key` (String) Key from which to return values from the specified database, otherwise the full contents are returned.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `service` (String) Override all databases with the specified service The underlying system must support the service flag which is not always available.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `split` (String) Character used to split the database values into lists/arrays such as V(:) or V(\\t), otherwise it will try to pick one depending on the database.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `ansible_facts` (String) Facts to add to ansible_facts.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) Full raw JSON result from Ansible
