---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_git Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_git (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dest` (String) The path of where the repository should be checked out. This is equivalent to C(git clone [repo_url] [directory]). The repository named in O(repo) is not appended to this path and the destination directory must be empty. This parameter is required, unless O(clone) is set to V(false).
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `repo` (String) git, SSH, or HTTP(S) protocol address of the git repository. Avoid embedding usernames and passwords within Git repository URLs. This practice is insecure and can lead to unauthorized access to your repositories. For secure authentication, configure SSH keys (recommended) or use a credential helper. See Git documentation on SSH keys/credential helpers for instructions.

### Optional

- `accept_hostkey` (Boolean) Will ensure or not that C(-o StrictHostKeyChecking=no) is present as an ssh option. Be aware that this disables a protection against MITM attacks. Those using OpenSSH >= 7.5 might want to use O(accept_newhostkey) or set O(ssh_opts) to V(StrictHostKeyChecking=accept-new) instead, it does not remove the MITM issue but it does restrict it to the first attempt.
- `accept_newhostkey` (Boolean) As of OpenSSH 7.5, C(-o StrictHostKeyChecking=accept-new) can be used which is safer and will only accepts host keys which are not present or are the same. If V(true), ensure that C(-o StrictHostKeyChecking=accept-new) is present as an ssh option.
- `archive` (String) Specify archive file path with extension. If specified, creates an archive file of the specified format containing the tree structure for the source tree. Allowed archive formats ["zip", "tar.gz", "tar", "tgz"]. This will clone and perform git archive from local directory as not all git servers support git archive.
- `archive_prefix` (String) Specify a prefix to add to each file path in archive. Requires O(archive) to be specified.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bare` (Boolean) If V(true), repository will be created as a bare repo, otherwise it will be a standard repo with a workspace.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clone` (Boolean) If V(false), do not clone the repository even if it does not exist locally.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `depth` (Number) Create a shallow clone with a history truncated to the specified number or revisions. The minimum possible value is V(1), otherwise ignored. Needs I(git>=1.9.1) to work correctly.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) Path to git executable to use. If not supplied, the normal mechanism for resolving binary paths will be used.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) If V(true), any modified files in the working repository will be discarded.  Prior to 0.7, this was always V(true) and could not be disabled.  Prior to 1.9, the default was V(true).
- `gpg_allowlist` (String) A list of trusted GPG fingerprints to compare to the fingerprint of the GPG-signed commit. Only used when O(verify_commit=yes). Use of this feature requires Git 2.6+ due to its reliance on git's C(--raw) flag to C(verify-commit) and C(verify-tag). Alias O(gpg_allowlist) is added in version 2.17. Alias O(gpg_whitelist) is deprecated and will be removed in version 2.21.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key_file` (String) Specify an optional private key file path, on the target host, to use for the checkout. This ensures C(IdentitiesOnly=yes) is present in O(ssh_opts).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `recursive` (Boolean) If V(false), repository will be cloned without the C(--recursive) option, skipping sub-modules.
- `reference` (String) Reference repository (see C(git clone --reference ...)).
- `refspec` (String) Add an additional refspec to be fetched. If version is set to a I(SHA-1) not reachable from any branch or tag, this option may be necessary to specify the ref containing the I(SHA-1). Uses the same syntax as the C(git fetch) command. An example value could be "refs/meta/config".
- `remote` (String) Name of the remote.
- `separate_git_dir` (String) The path to place the cloned repository. If specified, Git repository can be separated from working tree.
- `single_branch` (Boolean) Clone only the history leading to the tip of the specified revision.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssh_opts` (String) Options git will pass to ssh when used as protocol, it works via C(git)'s E(GIT_SSH)/E(GIT_SSH_COMMAND) environment variables. For older versions it appends E(GIT_SSH_OPTS) (specific to this module) to the variables above or via a wrapper script. Other options can add to this list, like O(key_file) and O(accept_hostkey). An example value could be C(-o StrictHostKeyChecking=no) (although this particular option is better set by O(accept_hostkey)). The module ensures that C(BatchMode=yes) is always present to avoid prompts.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `track_submodules` (Boolean) If V(true), submodules will track the latest commit on their master branch (or other branch specified in C(.gitmodules)).  If V(false), submodules will be kept at the revision specified by the main project. This is equivalent to specifying the C(--remote) flag to git submodule update.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `umask` (String) The umask to set before doing any checkouts, or any other repository maintenance.
- `update` (Boolean) If V(false), do not retrieve new revisions from the origin repository. Operations like archive will work on the existing (old) repository and might not respond to changes to the options version or remote.
- `verify_commit` (Boolean) If V(true), when cloning or checking out a O(version) verify the signature of a GPG signed commit. This requires git version>=2.1.0 to be installed. The commit MUST be signed and the public key MUST be present in the GPG keyring.
- `version` (String) What version of the repository to check out. This can be the literal string V(HEAD), a branch name, a tag name. It can also be a I(SHA-1) hash, in which case O(refspec) needs to be specified if the given revision is not already available.

### Read-Only

- `after` (String) Last commit revision of the repository retrieved during the update.
- `before` (String) Commit revision before the repository was updated, "null" for new repository.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `git_dir_before` (String) Contains the original path of .git directory if it is changed.
- `git_dir_now` (String) Contains the new path of .git directory if it is changed.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `remote_url_changed` (Boolean) Contains True or False whether or not the remote URL was changed.
