---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_instance_group_manager Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_instance_group_manager (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `base_instance_name` (String) The base instance name to use for instances in this group. The value must be 1-58 characters long. Instances are named by appending a hyphen and a random four-character string to the base instance name. The base instance name must comply with RFC1035.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `instance_template` (String) The instance template that is specified for this managed instance group. The group uses this template to create all new instances in the managed instance group. This field represents a link to a InstanceTemplate resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_instance_template task and then set this instance_template field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `name` (String) The name of the managed instance group. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035.
- `zone` (String) The zone the managed instance group resides.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when you create the resource.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `named_ports` (String) Named ports configured for the Instance Groups complementary to this Instance Group Manager.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_pools` (String) TargetPool resources to which instances in the instanceGroup field are added. The target pools automatically apply to all of the instances in the managed instance group.
- `target_size` (Number) The target number of running instances for this managed instance group. Deleting or abandoning instances reduces this number. Resizing the group changes this number.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `baseInstanceName` (String) The base instance name to use for instances in this group. The value must be 1-58 characters long. Instances are named by appending a hyphen and a random four-character string to the base instance name. The base instance name must comply with RFC1035.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creationTimestamp` (String) The creation timestamp for this managed instance group in RFC3339 text format.
- `currentActions` (String) The list of instance actions and the number of instances in this managed instance group that are scheduled for each of those actions.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `instanceGroup` (String) The instance group being managed.
- `instanceTemplate` (String) The instance template that is specified for this managed instance group. The group uses this template to create all new instances in the managed instance group.
- `namedPorts` (String) Named ports configured for the Instance Groups complementary to this Instance Group Manager.
- `region` (String) The region this managed instance group resides (for regional resources).
- `targetPools` (String) TargetPool resources to which instances in the instanceGroup field are added. The target pools automatically apply to all of the instances in the managed instance group.
- `targetSize` (Number) The target number of running instances for this managed instance group. Deleting or abandoning instances reduces this number. Resizing the group changes this number.
