---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_mlengine_version Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_mlengine_version (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `deployment_uri` (String) The Cloud Storage location of the trained model used to create the version.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `model` (String) The model that this version belongs to. This field represents a link to a Model resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'name' and value of your resource's name Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_mlengine_model task and then set this model field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `name` (String) The name specified for the version when it was created. The version name must be unique within the model it is created in.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_scaling` (String) Automatically scale the number of nodes used to serve the model in response to increases and decreases in traffic. Care should be taken to ramp up traffic according to the model's ability to scale or you will start seeing increases in latency and 429 response codes.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description specified for the version when it was created.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `framework` (String) The machine learning framework AI Platform uses to train this version of the model. Some valid choices include: "FRAMEWORK_UNSPECIFIED", "TENSORFLOW", "SCIKIT_LEARN", "XGBOOST"
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_default` (Boolean) If true, this version will be used to handle prediction requests that do not specify a version.
- `labels` (String) One or more labels that you can add, to organize your model versions.
- `machine_type` (String) The type of machine on which to serve the model. Currently only applies to online prediction service. Some valid choices include: "mls1-c1-m2", "mls1-c4-m2"
- `manual_scaling` (String) Manually select the number of nodes to use for serving the model. You should generally use autoScaling with an appropriate minNodes instead, but this option is available if you want more predictable billing. Beware that latency and error rates will increase if the traffic exceeds that capability of the system to serve it based on the selected number of nodes.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prediction_class` (String) The fully qualified name (module_name.class_name) of a class that implements the Predictor interface described in this reference field. The module containing this class should be included in a package provided to the packageUris field.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `python_version` (String) The version of Python used in prediction. If not set, the default version is '2.7'. Python '3.5' is available when runtimeVersion is set to '1.4' and above. Python '2.7' works with all supported runtime versions. Some valid choices include: "2.7", "3.5"
- `runtime_version` (String) The AI Platform runtime version to use for this deployment.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account` (String) Specifies the service account for resource access control.
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `autoScaling` (String) Automatically scale the number of nodes used to serve the model in response to increases and decreases in traffic. Care should be taken to ramp up traffic according to the model's ability to scale or you will start seeing increases in latency and 429 response codes.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `createTime` (String) The time the version was created.
- `deploymentUri` (String) The Cloud Storage location of the trained model used to create the version.
- `errorMessage` (String) The details of a failure or cancellation.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `isDefault` (Boolean) If true, this version will be used to handle prediction requests that do not specify a version.
- `lastUseTime` (String) The time the version was last used for prediction.
- `machineType` (String) The type of machine on which to serve the model. Currently only applies to online prediction service.
- `manualScaling` (String) Manually select the number of nodes to use for serving the model. You should generally use autoScaling with an appropriate minNodes instead, but this option is available if you want more predictable billing. Beware that latency and error rates will increase if the traffic exceeds that capability of the system to serve it based on the selected number of nodes.
- `packageUris` (String) Cloud Storage paths (gs://…) of packages for custom prediction routines or scikit-learn pipelines with custom code.
- `predictionClass` (String) The fully qualified name (module_name.class_name) of a class that implements the Predictor interface described in this reference field. The module containing this class should be included in a package provided to the packageUris field.
- `pythonVersion` (String) The version of Python used in prediction. If not set, the default version is '2.7'. Python '3.5' is available when runtimeVersion is set to '1.4' and above. Python '2.7' works with all supported runtime versions.
- `runtimeVersion` (String) The AI Platform runtime version to use for this deployment.
- `serviceAccount` (String) Specifies the service account for resource access control.
