---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_region_disk Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_region_disk (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.
- `region` (String) A reference to the region where the disk resides.
- `replica_zones` (String) URLs of the zones where the disk should be replicated to.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when you create the resource.
- `disk_encryption_key` (String) Encrypts the disk using a customer-supplied encryption key. After you encrypt a disk with a customer-supplied key, you must provide the same key if you use the disk later (e.g. to create a disk snapshot or an image, or to attach the disk to a virtual machine). Customer-supplied encryption keys do not protect access to metadata of the disk. If you do not provide an encryption key when creating the disk, then the disk will be encrypted using an automatically generated key and you do not need to provide a key to use the disk later.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) Labels to apply to this disk. A list of key->value pairs.
- `licenses` (String) Any applicable publicly visible licenses.
- `physical_block_size_bytes` (Number) Physical block size of the persistent disk, in bytes. If not present in a request, a default value is used. Currently supported sizes are 4096 and 16384, other sizes may be added in the future. If an unsupported value is requested, the error message will list the supported values for the caller's project.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `size_gb` (Number) Size of the persistent disk, specified in GB. You can specify this field when creating a persistent disk using the sourceImage or sourceSnapshot parameter, or specify it alone to create an empty persistent disk. If you specify this field along with sourceImage or sourceSnapshot, the value of sizeGb must not be less than the size of the sourceImage or the size of the snapshot.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_snapshot` (String) The source snapshot used to create this disk. You can provide this as a partial or full URL to the resource. This field represents a link to a Snapshot resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_snapshot task and then set this source_snapshot field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `source_snapshot_encryption_key` (String) The customer-supplied encryption key of the source snapshot. Required if the source snapshot is protected by a customer-supplied encryption key.
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) URL of the disk type resource describing which disk type to use to create the disk. Provide this when creating the disk.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creationTimestamp` (String) Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `diskEncryptionKey` (String) Encrypts the disk using a customer-supplied encryption key. After you encrypt a disk with a customer-supplied key, you must provide the same key if you use the disk later (e.g. to create a disk snapshot or an image, or to attach the disk to a virtual machine). Customer-supplied encryption keys do not protect access to metadata of the disk. If you do not provide an encryption key when creating the disk, then the disk will be encrypted using an automatically generated key and you do not need to provide a key to use the disk later.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `labelFingerprint` (String) The fingerprint used for optimistic locking of this resource. Used internally during updates.
- `lastAttachTimestamp` (String) Last attach timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `lastDetachTimestamp` (String) Last detach timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `physicalBlockSizeBytes` (Number) Physical block size of the persistent disk, in bytes. If not present in a request, a default value is used. Currently supported sizes are 4096 and 16384, other sizes may be added in the future. If an unsupported value is requested, the error message will list the supported values for the caller's project.
- `replicaZones` (String) URLs of the zones where the disk should be replicated to.
- `sizeGb` (Number) Size of the persistent disk, specified in GB. You can specify this field when creating a persistent disk using the sourceImage or sourceSnapshot parameter, or specify it alone to create an empty persistent disk. If you specify this field along with sourceImage or sourceSnapshot, the value of sizeGb must not be less than the size of the sourceImage or the size of the snapshot.
- `sourceSnapshot` (String) The source snapshot used to create this disk. You can provide this as a partial or full URL to the resource.
- `sourceSnapshotEncryptionKey` (String) The customer-supplied encryption key of the source snapshot. Required if the source snapshot is protected by a customer-supplied encryption key.
- `sourceSnapshotId` (String) The unique ID of the snapshot used to create this disk. This value identifies the exact snapshot that was used to create this persistent disk. For example, if you created the persistent disk from a snapshot that was later deleted and recreated under the same name, the source snapshot ID would identify the exact version of the snapshot that was used.
- `users` (String) Links to the users of the disk (attached instances) in form: project/zones/zone/instances/instance .
