---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_sql_instance Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_sql_instance (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the Cloud SQL instance. This does not include the project ID.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backend_type` (String) * FIRST_GEN: First Generation instance. MySQL only. * SECOND_GEN: Second Generation instance or PostgreSQL instance. * EXTERNAL: A database server that is not managed by Google. Some valid choices include: "FIRST_GEN", "SECOND_GEN", "EXTERNAL"
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connection_name` (String) Connection name of the Cloud SQL instance used in connection strings.
- `database_version` (String) The database engine type and version. For First Generation instances, can be MYSQL_5_5, or MYSQL_5_6. For Second Generation instances, can be MYSQL_5_6 or MYSQL_5_7. Defaults to MYSQL_5_6. PostgreSQL instances: POSTGRES_9_6 The databaseVersion property can not be changed after instance creation. Some valid choices include: "MYSQL_5_5", "MYSQL_5_6", "MYSQL_5_7", "POSTGRES_9_6"
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disk_encryption_configuration` (String) Disk encryption settings.
- `disk_encryption_status` (String) Disk encryption status.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `failover_replica` (String) The name and status of the failover replica. This property is applicable only to Second Generation instances.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `instance_type` (String) The instance type. This can be one of the following. * CLOUD_SQL_INSTANCE: A Cloud SQL instance that is not replicating from a master. * ON_PREMISES_INSTANCE: An instance running on the customer's premises. * READ_REPLICA_INSTANCE: A Cloud SQL instance configured as a read-replica. Some valid choices include: "CLOUD_SQL_INSTANCE", "ON_PREMISES_INSTANCE", "READ_REPLICA_INSTANCE"
- `ipv6_address` (String) The IPv6 address assigned to the instance. This property is applicable only to First Generation instances.
- `master_instance_name` (String) The name of the instance which will act as master in the replication setup.
- `max_disk_size` (Number) The maximum disk size of the instance in bytes.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `region` (String) The geographical region. Defaults to us-central or us-central1 depending on the instance type (First Generation or Second Generation/PostgreSQL).
- `replica_configuration` (String) Configuration specific to failover replicas and read replicas.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `settings` (String) The user settings.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `backendType` (String) * FIRST_GEN: First Generation instance. MySQL only. * SECOND_GEN: Second Generation instance or PostgreSQL instance. * EXTERNAL: A database server that is not managed by Google.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `connectionName` (String) Connection name of the Cloud SQL instance used in connection strings.
- `databaseVersion` (String) The database engine type and version. For First Generation instances, can be MYSQL_5_5, or MYSQL_5_6. For Second Generation instances, can be MYSQL_5_6 or MYSQL_5_7. Defaults to MYSQL_5_6. PostgreSQL instances: POSTGRES_9_6 The databaseVersion property can not be changed after instance creation.
- `diskEncryptionConfiguration` (String) Disk encryption settings.
- `diskEncryptionStatus` (String) Disk encryption status.
- `failoverReplica` (String) The name and status of the failover replica. This property is applicable only to Second Generation instances.
- `gceZone` (String) The Compute Engine zone that the instance is currently serving from. This value could be different from the zone that was specified when the instance was created if the instance has failed over to its secondary zone.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `instanceType` (String) The instance type. This can be one of the following. * CLOUD_SQL_INSTANCE: A Cloud SQL instance that is not replicating from a master. * ON_PREMISES_INSTANCE: An instance running on the customer's premises. * READ_REPLICA_INSTANCE: A Cloud SQL instance configured as a read-replica.
- `ipAddresses` (String) The assigned IP addresses for the instance.
- `ipv6Address` (String) The IPv6 address assigned to the instance. This property is applicable only to First Generation instances.
- `masterInstanceName` (String) The name of the instance which will act as master in the replication setup.
- `maxDiskSize` (Number) The maximum disk size of the instance in bytes.
- `replicaConfiguration` (String) Configuration specific to failover replicas and read replicas.
- `serverCaCert` (String) SSL configuration.
