---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_cloudbuild_trigger Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_cloudbuild_trigger (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `approval_config` (String) Configuration for manual approval to start a build invocation of this BuildTrigger. Builds created by this trigger will require approval before they execute. Any user with a Cloud Build Approver role for the project can approve a build.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bitbucket_server_trigger_config` (String) BitbucketServerTriggerConfig describes the configuration of a trigger that creates a build whenever a Bitbucket Server event is received.
- `build` (String) Contents of the build template. Either a filename or build template must be provided.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Human-readable description of the trigger.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether the trigger is disabled or not. If true, the trigger will never result in a build.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filename` (String) Path, from the source root, to a file whose contents is used for the template. Either a filename or build template must be provided. Set this only when using trigger_template or github. When using Pub/Sub, Webhook or Manual set the file name using git_file_source instead.
- `filter` (String) A Common Expression Language string. Used only with Pub/Sub and Webhook.
- `git_file_source` (String) The file source describing the local or remote Build template.
- `github` (String) Describes the configuration of a trigger that creates a build whenever a GitHub event is received. One of `trigger_template`, `github`, `pubsub_config` or `webhook_config` must be provided.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignored_files` (String) ignoredFiles and includedFiles are file glob matches using https://golang.org/pkg/path/filepath/#Match extended with support for `**`. If ignoredFiles and changed files are both empty, then they are not used to determine whether or not to trigger a build. If ignoredFiles is not empty, then we ignore any files that match any of the ignored_file globs. If the change has no files that are outside of the ignoredFiles globs, then we do not trigger a build.
- `include_build_logs` (String) Build logs will be sent back to GitHub as part of the checkrun result. Values can be INCLUDE_BUILD_LOGS_UNSPECIFIED or INCLUDE_BUILD_LOGS_WITH_STATUS.
- `included_files` (String) ignoredFiles and includedFiles are file glob matches using https://golang.org/pkg/path/filepath/#Match extended with support for `**`. If any of the files altered in the commit pass the ignoredFiles filter and includedFiles is empty, then as far as this filter is concerned,
we should trigger the build. If any of the files altered in the commit pass the ignoredFiles filter and includedFiles is not empty, then we make sure that at least one
of those files matches a includedFiles glob. If not, then we do not trigger a build.
- `location` (String) The [Cloud Build location](https://cloud.google.com/build/docs/locations) for the trigger. If not specified, "global" is used.
- `name` (String) Name of the trigger. Must be unique within the project.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pubsub_config` (String) PubsubConfig describes the configuration of a trigger that creates a build whenever a Pub/Sub message is published. One of `trigger_template`, `github`, `pubsub_config` `webhook_config` or `source_to_build` must be provided.
- `repository_event_config` (String) The configuration of a trigger that creates a build whenever an event from Repo API is received.
- `service_account` (String) The service account used for all user-controlled operations including triggers.patch, triggers.run, builds.create, and builds.cancel. If no service account is set, then the standard Cloud Build service account ([PROJECT_NUM]@system.gserviceaccount.com) will be used instead. Format: projects/{PROJECT_ID}/serviceAccounts/{ACCOUNT_ID_OR_EMAIL}.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_to_build` (String) The repo and ref of the repository from which to build. This field is used only for those triggers that do not respond to SCM events. Triggers that respond to such events build source at whatever commit caused the event. This field is currently only used by Webhook, Pub/Sub, Manual, and Cron triggers. One of `trigger_template`, `github`, `pubsub_config` `webhook_config` or `source_to_build` must be provided.
- `state` (String) Whether the resource should exist in GCP.
- `substitutions` (String) Substitutions data for Build resource.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `trigger_template` (String) Template describing the types of source changes to trigger a build. Branch and tag names in trigger templates are interpreted as regular expressions. Any branch or tag change that matches that regular expression will trigger a build. One of `trigger_template`, `github`, `pubsub_config`, `webhook_config` or `source_to_build` must be provided.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `webhook_config` (String) WebhookConfig describes the configuration of a trigger that creates a build whenever a webhook is sent to a trigger's webhook URL. One of `trigger_template`, `github`, `pubsub_config` `webhook_config` or `source_to_build` must be provided.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `createTime` (String) Time when the trigger was created.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `trigger_id` (String) The unique identifier for the trigger.
