---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_kms_crypto_key Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_kms_crypto_key (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `key_ring` (String) The KeyRing that this key belongs to. Format: `'projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/keyRings/{{keyRing}}'`.
- `name` (String) The resource name for the CryptoKey.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) Labels with user-defined metadata to apply to this resource.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `purpose` (String) Immutable purpose of CryptoKey. See https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.keyRings.cryptoKeys#CryptoKeyPurpose for inputs. Some valid choices include: "ENCRYPT_DECRYPT", "ASYMMETRIC_SIGN", "ASYMMETRIC_DECRYPT"
- `rotation_period` (String) Every time this period passes, generate a new CryptoKeyVersion and set it as the primary. The first rotation will take place after the specified period. The rotation period has the format of a decimal number with up to 9 fractional digits, followed by the letter `s` (seconds). It must be greater than a day (ie, 86400).
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_initial_version_creation` (Boolean) If set to true, the request will create a CryptoKey without any CryptoKeyVersions. You must use the `google_kms_key_ring_import_job` resource to import the CryptoKeyVersion.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `version_template` (String) A template describing settings for new crypto key versions.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `createTime` (String) The time that this resource was created on the server. This is in RFC3339 text format.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `keyRing` (String) The KeyRing that this key belongs to. Format: `'projects/{{project}}/locations/{{location}}/keyRings/{{keyRing}}'`.
- `nextRotationTime` (String) The time when KMS will create a new version of this Crypto Key.
- `rotationPeriod` (String) Every time this period passes, generate a new CryptoKeyVersion and set it as the primary. The first rotation will take place after the specified period. The rotation period has the format of a decimal number with up to 9 fractional digits, followed by the letter `s` (seconds). It must be greater than a day (ie, 86400).
- `skipInitialVersionCreation` (Boolean) If set to true, the request will create a CryptoKey without any CryptoKeyVersions. You must use the `google_kms_key_ring_import_job` resource to import the CryptoKeyVersion.
- `versionTemplate` (String) A template describing settings for new crypto key versions.
