---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_bigquery_dataset Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_bigquery_dataset (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `dataset_reference` (String) A reference that identifies the dataset.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `access` (String) An array of objects that define dataset access for one or more entities.
- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `default_encryption_configuration` (String) The default encryption key for all tables in the dataset. Once this property is set, all newly-created partitioned tables in the dataset will have encryption key set to this value, unless table creation request (or query) overrides the key.
- `default_partition_expiration_ms` (Number) The default partition expiration for all partitioned tables in the dataset, in milliseconds. Once this property is set, all newly-created partitioned tables in the dataset will have an `expirationMs` property in the `timePartitioning` settings set to this value, and changing the value will only affect new tables, not existing ones. The storage in a partition will have an expiration time of its partition time plus this value. Setting this property overrides the use of `defaultTableExpirationMs` for partitioned tables: only one of `defaultTableExpirationMs` and `defaultPartitionExpirationMs` will be used for any new partitioned table. If you provide an explicit `timePartitioning.expirationMs` when creating or updating a partitioned table, that value takes precedence over the default partition expiration time indicated by this property.
- `default_table_expiration_ms` (Number) The default lifetime of all tables in the dataset, in milliseconds. The minimum value is 3600000 milliseconds (one hour). Once this property is set, all newly-created tables in the dataset will have an `expirationTime` property set to the creation time plus the value in this property, and changing the value will only affect new tables, not existing ones. When the `expirationTime` for a given table is reached, that table will be deleted automatically. If a table's `expirationTime` is modified or removed before the table expires, or if you provide an explicit `expirationTime` when creating a table, that value takes precedence over the default expiration time indicated by this property.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A user-friendly description of the dataset.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `friendly_name` (String) A descriptive name for the dataset.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) The labels associated with this dataset. You can use these to organize and group your datasets .
- `location` (String) The geographic location where the dataset should reside. See [official docs](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/dataset-locations). There are two types of locations, regional or multi-regional. A regional location is a specific geographic place, such as Tokyo, and a multi-regional location is a large geographic area, such as the United States, that contains at least two geographic places. The default value is multi-regional location `US`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `name` (String) Dataset name.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creationTime` (Number) The time when this dataset was created, in milliseconds since the epoch.
- `datasetReference` (String) A reference that identifies the dataset.
- `defaultEncryptionConfiguration` (String) The default encryption key for all tables in the dataset. Once this property is set, all newly-created partitioned tables in the dataset will have encryption key set to this value, unless table creation request (or query) overrides the key.
- `defaultPartitionExpirationMs` (Number) The default partition expiration for all partitioned tables in the dataset, in milliseconds. Once this property is set, all newly-created partitioned tables in the dataset will have an `expirationMs` property in the `timePartitioning` settings set to this value, and changing the value will only affect new tables, not existing ones. The storage in a partition will have an expiration time of its partition time plus this value. Setting this property overrides the use of `defaultTableExpirationMs` for partitioned tables: only one of `defaultTableExpirationMs` and `defaultPartitionExpirationMs` will be used for any new partitioned table. If you provide an explicit `timePartitioning.expirationMs` when creating or updating a partitioned table, that value takes precedence over the default partition expiration time indicated by this property.
- `defaultTableExpirationMs` (Number) The default lifetime of all tables in the dataset, in milliseconds. The minimum value is 3600000 milliseconds (one hour). Once this property is set, all newly-created tables in the dataset will have an `expirationTime` property set to the creation time plus the value in this property, and changing the value will only affect new tables, not existing ones. When the `expirationTime` for a given table is reached, that table will be deleted automatically. If a table's `expirationTime` is modified or removed before the table expires, or if you provide an explicit `expirationTime` when creating a table, that value takes precedence over the default expiration time indicated by this property.
- `etag` (String) A hash of the resource.
- `friendlyName` (String) A descriptive name for the dataset.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `lastModifiedTime` (Number) The date when this dataset or any of its tables was last modified, in milliseconds since the epoch.
