---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_redis_instance Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_redis_instance (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `memory_size_gb` (Number) Redis memory size in GiB.
- `name` (String) The ID of the instance or a fully qualified identifier for the instance.
- `region` (String) The name of the Redis region of the instance.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `alternative_location_id` (String) Only applicable to STANDARD_HA tier which protects the instance against zonal failures by provisioning it across two zones. If provided, it must be a different zone from the one provided in [locationId].
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_enabled` (Boolean) Optional. Indicates whether OSS Redis AUTH is enabled for the instance. If set to "true" AUTH is enabled on the instance. Default value is "false" meaning AUTH is disabled.
- `authorized_network` (String) The full name of the Google Compute Engine network to which the instance is connected. If left unspecified, the default network will be used.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connect_mode` (String) The connection mode of the Redis instance. Some valid choices include: "DIRECT_PEERING", "PRIVATE_SERVICE_ACCESS"
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `display_name` (String) An arbitrary and optional user-provided name for the instance.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) Resource labels to represent user provided metadata.
- `location_id` (String) The zone where the instance will be provisioned. If not provided, the service will choose a zone for the instance. For STANDARD_HA tier, instances will be created across two zones for protection against zonal failures. If [alternativeLocationId] is also provided, it must be different from [locationId].
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `redis_configs` (String) Redis configuration parameters, according to http://redis.io/topics/config. Please check Memorystore documentation for the list of supported parameters: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.instances#Instance.FIELDS.redis_configs .
- `redis_version` (String) The version of Redis software. If not provided, latest supported version will be used. Please check the API documentation linked at the top for the latest valid values.
- `reserved_ip_range` (String) The CIDR range of internal addresses that are reserved for this instance. If not provided, the service will choose an unused /29 block, for example, 10.0.0.0/29 or 192.168.0.0/29. Ranges must be unique and non-overlapping with existing subnets in an authorized network.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tier` (String) The service tier of the instance. Must be one of these values: - BASIC: standalone instance - STANDARD_HA: highly available primary/replica instances . Some valid choices include: "BASIC", "STANDARD_HA"
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `transit_encryption_mode` (String) The TLS mode of the Redis instance, If not provided, TLS is disabled for the instance. - SERVER_AUTHENTICATION: Client to Server traffic encryption enabled with server authentcation . Some valid choices include: "SERVER_AUTHENTICATION", "DISABLED"
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `alternativeLocationId` (String) Only applicable to STANDARD_HA tier which protects the instance against zonal failures by provisioning it across two zones. If provided, it must be a different zone from the one provided in [locationId].
- `authEnabled` (Boolean) Optional. Indicates whether OSS Redis AUTH is enabled for the instance. If set to "true" AUTH is enabled on the instance. Default value is "false" meaning AUTH is disabled.
- `authorizedNetwork` (String) The full name of the Google Compute Engine network to which the instance is connected. If left unspecified, the default network will be used.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `connectMode` (String) The connection mode of the Redis instance.
- `createTime` (String) The time the instance was created in RFC3339 UTC "Zulu" format, accurate to nanoseconds.
- `currentLocationId` (String) The current zone where the Redis endpoint is placed. For Basic Tier instances, this will always be the same as the [locationId] provided by the user at creation time. For Standard Tier instances, this can be either [locationId] or [alternativeLocationId] and can change after a failover event.
- `displayName` (String) An arbitrary and optional user-provided name for the instance.
- `host` (String) Hostname or IP address of the exposed Redis endpoint used by clients to connect to the service.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `locationId` (String) The zone where the instance will be provisioned. If not provided, the service will choose a zone for the instance. For STANDARD_HA tier, instances will be created across two zones for protection against zonal failures. If [alternativeLocationId] is also provided, it must be different from [locationId].
- `memorySizeGb` (Number) Redis memory size in GiB.
- `persistenceIamIdentity` (String) Output only. Cloud IAM identity used by import / export operations to transfer data to/from Cloud Storage. Format is "serviceAccount:". The value may change over time for a given instance so should be checked before each import/export operation.
- `port` (Number) The port number of the exposed Redis endpoint.
- `redisConfigs` (String) Redis configuration parameters, according to http://redis.io/topics/config. Please check Memorystore documentation for the list of supported parameters: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.instances#Instance.FIELDS.redis_configs .
- `redisVersion` (String) The version of Redis software. If not provided, latest supported version will be used. Please check the API documentation linked at the top for the latest valid values.
- `reservedIpRange` (String) The CIDR range of internal addresses that are reserved for this instance. If not provided, the service will choose an unused /29 block, for example, 10.0.0.0/29 or 192.168.0.0/29. Ranges must be unique and non-overlapping with existing subnets in an authorized network.
- `serverCaCerts` (String) List of server CA certificates for the instance.
- `transitEncryptionMode` (String) The TLS mode of the Redis instance, If not provided, TLS is disabled for the instance. - SERVER_AUTHENTICATION: Client to Server traffic encryption enabled with server authentcation .
