---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_target_https_proxy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_target_https_proxy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.
- `ssl_certificates` (String) A list of SslCertificate resources that are used to authenticate connections between users and the load balancer. At least one SSL certificate must be specified.
- `url_map` (String) A reference to the UrlMap resource that defines the mapping from URL to the BackendService. This field represents a link to a UrlMap resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_url_map task and then set this url_map field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional description of this resource.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `proxy_bind` (Boolean) This field only applies when the forwarding rule that references this target proxy has a loadBalancingScheme set to INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED.
- `quic_override` (String) Specifies the QUIC override policy for this resource. This determines whether the load balancer will attempt to negotiate QUIC with clients or not. Can specify one of NONE, ENABLE, or DISABLE. If NONE is specified, uses the QUIC policy with no user overrides, which is equivalent to DISABLE. Some valid choices include: "NONE", "ENABLE", "DISABLE"
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssl_policy` (String) A reference to the SslPolicy resource that will be associated with the TargetHttpsProxy resource. If not set, the TargetHttpsProxy resource will not have any SSL policy configured. This field represents a link to a SslPolicy resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_ssl_policy task and then set this ssl_policy field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creationTimestamp` (String) Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `proxyBind` (Boolean) This field only applies when the forwarding rule that references this target proxy has a loadBalancingScheme set to INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED.
- `quicOverride` (String) Specifies the QUIC override policy for this resource. This determines whether the load balancer will attempt to negotiate QUIC with clients or not. Can specify one of NONE, ENABLE, or DISABLE. If NONE is specified, uses the QUIC policy with no user overrides, which is equivalent to DISABLE.
- `sslCertificates` (String) A list of SslCertificate objects (with selfLink and name e.g. as returned by gcp_compute_target_https_proxy_info)  that are used to authenticate connections between users and the load balancer. At least one SSL certificate must be specified.
- `sslPolicy` (String) A reference to the SslPolicy resource that will be associated with the TargetHttpsProxy resource. If not set, the TargetHttpsProxy resource will not have any SSL policy configured.
- `urlMap` (String) A reference to the UrlMap resource that defines the mapping from URL to the BackendService.
