---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_network Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_network (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_create_subnetworks` (Boolean) When set to `true`, the network is created in "auto subnet mode" and it will create a subnet for each region automatically across the `10.128.0.0/9` address range. When set to `false`, the network is created in "custom subnet mode" so the user can explicitly connect subnetwork resources.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional description of this resource. The resource must be recreated to modify this field.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mtu` (Number) Maximum Transmission Unit in bytes. The minimum value for this field is 1460 and the maximum value is 1500 bytes.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `routing_config` (String) The network-level routing configuration for this network. Used by Cloud Router to determine what type of network-wide routing behavior to enforce.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `autoCreateSubnetworks` (Boolean) When set to `true`, the network is created in "auto subnet mode" and it will create a subnet for each region automatically across the `10.128.0.0/9` address range. When set to `false`, the network is created in "custom subnet mode" so the user can explicitly connect subnetwork resources.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creationTimestamp` (String) Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `gateway_ipv4` (String) The gateway address for default routing out of the network. This value is selected by GCP.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `routingConfig` (String) The network-level routing configuration for this network. Used by Cloud Router to determine what type of network-wide routing behavior to enforce.
- `subnetworks` (String) Server-defined fully-qualified URLs for all subnetworks in this network.
