---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_target_pool Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_target_pool (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.
- `region` (String) The region where the target pool resides.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup_pool` (String) This field is applicable only when the containing target pool is serving a forwarding rule as the primary pool, and its failoverRatio field is properly set to a value between [0, 1]. backupPool and failoverRatio together define the fallback behavior of the primary target pool: if the ratio of the healthy instances in the primary pool is at or below failoverRatio, traffic arriving at the load-balanced IP will be directed to the backup pool. In case where failoverRatio and backupPool are not set, or all the instances in the backup pool are unhealthy, the traffic will be directed back to the primary pool in the "force" mode, where traffic will be spread to the healthy instances with the best effort, or to all instances when no instance is healthy. This field represents a link to a TargetPool resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_target_pool task and then set this backup_pool field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional description of this resource.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `failover_ratio` (String) This field is applicable only when the containing target pool is serving a forwarding rule as the primary pool (i.e., not as a backup pool to some other target pool). The value of the field must be in [0, 1]. If set, backupPool must also be set. They together define the fallback behavior of the primary target pool: if the ratio of the healthy instances in the primary pool is at or below this number, traffic arriving at the load-balanced IP will be directed to the backup pool. In case where failoverRatio is not set or all the instances in the backup pool are unhealthy, the traffic will be directed back to the primary pool in the "force" mode, where traffic will be spread to the healthy instances with the best effort, or to all instances when no instance is healthy.
- `health_check` (String) A reference to a HttpHealthCheck resource. A member instance in this pool is considered healthy if and only if the health checks pass. If not specified it means all member instances will be considered healthy at all times. This field represents a link to a HttpHealthCheck resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_http_health_check task and then set this health_check field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `instances` (String) A list of virtual machine instances serving this pool. They must live in zones contained in the same region as this pool.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `session_affinity` (String) Session affinity option. Must be one of these values: * NONE: Connections from the same client IP may go to any instance in the pool. * CLIENT_IP: Connections from the same client IP will go to the same instance in the pool while that instance remains healthy. * CLIENT_IP_PROTO: Connections from the same client IP with the same IP protocol will go to the same instance in the pool while that instance remains healthy. Some valid choices include: "NONE", "CLIENT_IP", "CLIENT_IP_PROTO"
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `backupPool` (String) This field is applicable only when the containing target pool is serving a forwarding rule as the primary pool, and its failoverRatio field is properly set to a value between [0, 1]. backupPool and failoverRatio together define the fallback behavior of the primary target pool: if the ratio of the healthy instances in the primary pool is at or below failoverRatio, traffic arriving at the load-balanced IP will be directed to the backup pool. In case where failoverRatio and backupPool are not set, or all the instances in the backup pool are unhealthy, the traffic will be directed back to the primary pool in the "force" mode, where traffic will be spread to the healthy instances with the best effort, or to all instances when no instance is healthy.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creationTimestamp` (String) Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `failoverRatio` (String) This field is applicable only when the containing target pool is serving a forwarding rule as the primary pool (i.e., not as a backup pool to some other target pool). The value of the field must be in [0, 1]. If set, backupPool must also be set. They together define the fallback behavior of the primary target pool: if the ratio of the healthy instances in the primary pool is at or below this number, traffic arriving at the load-balanced IP will be directed to the backup pool. In case where failoverRatio is not set or all the instances in the backup pool are unhealthy, the traffic will be directed back to the primary pool in the "force" mode, where traffic will be spread to the healthy instances with the best effort, or to all instances when no instance is healthy.
- `healthCheck` (String) A reference to a HttpHealthCheck resource. A member instance in this pool is considered healthy if and only if the health checks pass. If not specified it means all member instances will be considered healthy at all times.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `sessionAffinity` (String) Session affinity option. Must be one of these values: * NONE: Connections from the same client IP may go to any instance in the pool. * CLIENT_IP: Connections from the same client IP will go to the same instance in the pool while that instance remains healthy. * CLIENT_IP_PROTO: Connections from the same client IP with the same IP protocol will go to the same instance in the pool while that instance remains healthy.
