---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_firewall Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_firewall (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `allowed` (String) The list of ALLOW rules specified by this firewall. Each rule specifies a protocol and port-range tuple that describes a permitted connection.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `denied` (String) The list of DENY rules specified by this firewall. Each rule specifies a protocol and port-range tuple that describes a denied connection.
- `description` (String) An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when you create the resource.
- `destination_ranges` (String) If destination ranges are specified, the firewall will apply only to traffic that has destination IP address in these ranges. These ranges must be expressed in CIDR format. Only IPv4 is supported.
- `direction` (String) Direction of traffic to which this firewall applies; default is INGRESS. Note: For INGRESS traffic, it is NOT supported to specify destinationRanges; For EGRESS traffic, it is NOT supported to specify sourceRanges OR sourceTags. Some valid choices include: "INGRESS", "EGRESS"
- `disabled` (Boolean) Denotes whether the firewall rule is disabled, i.e not applied to the network it is associated with. When set to true, the firewall rule is not enforced and the network behaves as if it did not exist. If this is unspecified, the firewall rule will be enabled.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `log_config` (String) This field denotes the logging options for a particular firewall rule. If logging is enabled, logs will be exported to Cloud Logging.
- `network` (String) URL of the network resource for this firewall rule. If not specified when creating a firewall rule, the default network is used: global/networks/default If you choose to specify this property, you can specify the network as a full or partial URL. For example, the following are all valid URLs: https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/myproject/global/ networks/my-network projects/myproject/global/networks/my-network global/networks/default . This field represents a link to a Network resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_network task and then set this network field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `priority` (Number) Priority for this rule. This is an integer between 0 and 65535, both inclusive. When not specified, the value assumed is 1000. Relative priorities determine precedence of conflicting rules. Lower value of priority implies higher precedence (eg, a rule with priority 0 has higher precedence than a rule with priority 1). DENY rules take precedence over ALLOW rules having equal priority.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_ranges` (String) If source ranges are specified, the firewall will apply only to traffic that has source IP address in these ranges. These ranges must be expressed in CIDR format. One or both of sourceRanges and sourceTags may be set. If both properties are set, the firewall will apply to traffic that has source IP address within sourceRanges OR the source IP that belongs to a tag listed in the sourceTags property. The connection does not need to match both properties for the firewall to apply. Only IPv4 is supported.
- `source_service_accounts` (String) If source service accounts are specified, the firewall will apply only to traffic originating from an instance with a service account in this list. Source service accounts cannot be used to control traffic to an instance's external IP address because service accounts are associated with an instance, not an IP address. sourceRanges can be set at the same time as sourceServiceAccounts. If both are set, the firewall will apply to traffic that has source IP address within sourceRanges OR the source IP belongs to an instance with service account listed in sourceServiceAccount. The connection does not need to match both properties for the firewall to apply. sourceServiceAccounts cannot be used at the same time as sourceTags or targetTags.
- `source_tags` (String) If source tags are specified, the firewall will apply only to traffic with source IP that belongs to a tag listed in source tags. Source tags cannot be used to control traffic to an instance's external IP address. Because tags are associated with an instance, not an IP address. One or both of sourceRanges and sourceTags may be set. If both properties are set, the firewall will apply to traffic that has source IP address within sourceRanges OR the source IP that belongs to a tag listed in the sourceTags property. The connection does not need to match both properties for the firewall to apply.
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_service_accounts` (String) A list of service accounts indicating sets of instances located in the network that may make network connections as specified in allowed[]. targetServiceAccounts cannot be used at the same time as targetTags or sourceTags. If neither targetServiceAccounts nor targetTags are specified, the firewall rule applies to all instances on the specified network.
- `target_tags` (String) A list of instance tags indicating sets of instances located in the network that may make network connections as specified in allowed[]. If no targetTags are specified, the firewall rule applies to all instances on the specified network.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creationTimestamp` (String) Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `destinationRanges` (String) If destination ranges are specified, the firewall will apply only to traffic that has destination IP address in these ranges. These ranges must be expressed in CIDR format. Only IPv4 is supported.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `logConfig` (String) This field denotes the logging options for a particular firewall rule. If logging is enabled, logs will be exported to Cloud Logging.
- `sourceRanges` (String) If source ranges are specified, the firewall will apply only to traffic that has source IP address in these ranges. These ranges must be expressed in CIDR format. One or both of sourceRanges and sourceTags may be set. If both properties are set, the firewall will apply to traffic that has source IP address within sourceRanges OR the source IP that belongs to a tag listed in the sourceTags property. The connection does not need to match both properties for the firewall to apply. Only IPv4 is supported.
- `sourceServiceAccounts` (String) If source service accounts are specified, the firewall will apply only to traffic originating from an instance with a service account in this list. Source service accounts cannot be used to control traffic to an instance's external IP address because service accounts are associated with an instance, not an IP address. sourceRanges can be set at the same time as sourceServiceAccounts. If both are set, the firewall will apply to traffic that has source IP address within sourceRanges OR the source IP belongs to an instance with service account listed in sourceServiceAccount. The connection does not need to match both properties for the firewall to apply. sourceServiceAccounts cannot be used at the same time as sourceTags or targetTags.
- `sourceTags` (String) If source tags are specified, the firewall will apply only to traffic with source IP that belongs to a tag listed in source tags. Source tags cannot be used to control traffic to an instance's external IP address. Because tags are associated with an instance, not an IP address. One or both of sourceRanges and sourceTags may be set. If both properties are set, the firewall will apply to traffic that has source IP address within sourceRanges OR the source IP that belongs to a tag listed in the sourceTags property. The connection does not need to match both properties for the firewall to apply.
- `targetServiceAccounts` (String) A list of service accounts indicating sets of instances located in the network that may make network connections as specified in allowed[]. targetServiceAccounts cannot be used at the same time as targetTags or sourceTags. If neither targetServiceAccounts nor targetTags are specified, the firewall rule applies to all instances on the specified network.
- `targetTags` (String) A list of instance tags indicating sets of instances located in the network that may make network connections as specified in allowed[]. If no targetTags are specified, the firewall rule applies to all instances on the specified network.
