---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_backend_service Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_backend_service (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `affinity_cookie_ttl_sec` (Number) Lifetime of cookies in seconds if session_affinity is GENERATED_COOKIE. If set to 0, the cookie is non-persistent and lasts only until the end of the browser session (or equivalent). The maximum allowed value for TTL is one day. When the load balancing scheme is INTERNAL, this field is not used.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backends` (String) The set of backends that serve this BackendService.
- `cdn_policy` (String) Cloud CDN configuration for this BackendService.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `circuit_breakers` (String) Settings controlling the volume of connections to a backend service. This field is applicable only when the load_balancing_scheme is set to INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED.
- `connection_draining` (String) Settings for connection draining .
- `consistent_hash` (String) Consistent Hash-based load balancing can be used to provide soft session affinity based on HTTP headers, cookies or other properties. This load balancing policy is applicable only for HTTP connections. The affinity to a particular destination host will be lost when one or more hosts are added/removed from the destination service. This field specifies parameters that control consistent hashing. This field only applies if the load_balancing_scheme is set to INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED. This field is only applicable when locality_lb_policy is set to MAGLEV or RING_HASH.
- `custom_request_headers` (String) Headers that the HTTP/S load balancer should add to proxied requests.
- `custom_response_headers` (String) Headers that the HTTP/S load balancer should add to proxied responses.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional description of this resource.
- `enable_cdn` (Boolean) If true, enable Cloud CDN for this BackendService.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fingerprint` (String) Fingerprint of this resource. A hash of the contents stored in this object. This field is used in optimistic locking.
- `health_checks` (String) The set of URLs to the HttpHealthCheck or HttpsHealthCheck resource for health checking this BackendService. Currently at most one health check can be specified. A health check must be specified unless the backend service uses an internet or serverless NEG as a backend. For internal load balancing, a URL to a HealthCheck resource must be specified instead.
- `iap` (String) Settings for enabling Cloud Identity Aware Proxy.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `load_balancing_scheme` (String) Indicates whether the backend service will be used with internal or external load balancing. A backend service created for one type of load balancing cannot be used with the other. Some valid choices include: "EXTERNAL", "INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED"
- `locality_lb_policy` (String) The load balancing algorithm used within the scope of the locality. The possible values are - * ROUND_ROBIN - This is a simple policy in which each healthy backend is selected in round robin order. * LEAST_REQUEST - An algorithm which selects two random healthy hosts and picks the host which has fewer active requests. * RING_HASH - The ring/modulo hash load balancer implements consistent hashing to backends. The algorithm has the property that the addition/removal of a host from a set of N hosts only affects 1/N of the requests. * RANDOM - The load balancer selects a random healthy host. * ORIGINAL_DESTINATION - Backend host is selected based on the client connection metadata, i.e., connections are opened to the same address as the destination address of the incoming connection before the connection was redirected to the load balancer. * MAGLEV - used as a drop in replacement for the ring hash load balancer. Maglev is not as stable as ring hash but has faster table lookup build times and host selection times. For more information about Maglev, refer to https://ai.google/research/pubs/pub44824 This field is applicable only when the load_balancing_scheme is set to INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED. Some valid choices include: "ROUND_ROBIN", "LEAST_REQUEST", "RING_HASH", "RANDOM", "ORIGINAL_DESTINATION", "MAGLEV"
- `log_config` (String) This field denotes the logging options for the load balancer traffic served by this backend service. If logging is enabled, logs will be exported to Stackdriver.
- `outlier_detection` (String) Settings controlling eviction of unhealthy hosts from the load balancing pool. This field is applicable only when the load_balancing_scheme is set to INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port_name` (String) Name of backend port. The same name should appear in the instance groups referenced by this service. Required when the load balancing scheme is EXTERNAL.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol this BackendService uses to communicate with backends. The default is HTTP. **NOTE**: HTTP2 is only valid for beta HTTP/2 load balancer types and may result in errors if used with the GA API. Some valid choices include: "HTTP", "HTTPS", "HTTP2", "TCP", "SSL", "GRPC"
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `security_policy` (String) The security policy associated with this backend service.
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `session_affinity` (String) Type of session affinity to use. The default is NONE. Session affinity is not applicable if the protocol is UDP. Some valid choices include: "NONE", "CLIENT_IP", "CLIENT_IP_PORT_PROTO", "CLIENT_IP_PROTO", "GENERATED_COOKIE", "HEADER_FIELD", "HTTP_COOKIE"
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timeout_sec` (Number) How many seconds to wait for the backend before considering it a failed request. Default is 30 seconds. Valid range is [1, 86400].
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `affinityCookieTtlSec` (Number) Lifetime of cookies in seconds if session_affinity is GENERATED_COOKIE. If set to 0, the cookie is non-persistent and lasts only until the end of the browser session (or equivalent). The maximum allowed value for TTL is one day. When the load balancing scheme is INTERNAL, this field is not used.
- `cdnPolicy` (String) Cloud CDN configuration for this BackendService.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `circuitBreakers` (String) Settings controlling the volume of connections to a backend service. This field is applicable only when the load_balancing_scheme is set to INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED.
- `connectionDraining` (String) Settings for connection draining .
- `consistentHash` (String) Consistent Hash-based load balancing can be used to provide soft session affinity based on HTTP headers, cookies or other properties. This load balancing policy is applicable only for HTTP connections. The affinity to a particular destination host will be lost when one or more hosts are added/removed from the destination service. This field specifies parameters that control consistent hashing. This field only applies if the load_balancing_scheme is set to INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED. This field is only applicable when locality_lb_policy is set to MAGLEV or RING_HASH.
- `creationTimestamp` (String) Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `customRequestHeaders` (String) Headers that the HTTP/S load balancer should add to proxied requests.
- `customResponseHeaders` (String) Headers that the HTTP/S load balancer should add to proxied responses.
- `enableCDN` (Boolean) If true, enable Cloud CDN for this BackendService.
- `healthChecks` (String) The set of URLs to the HttpHealthCheck or HttpsHealthCheck resource for health checking this BackendService. Currently at most one health check can be specified. A health check must be specified unless the backend service uses an internet or serverless NEG as a backend. For internal load balancing, a URL to a HealthCheck resource must be specified instead.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `loadBalancingScheme` (String) Indicates whether the backend service will be used with internal or external load balancing. A backend service created for one type of load balancing cannot be used with the other.
- `localityLbPolicy` (String) The load balancing algorithm used within the scope of the locality. The possible values are - * ROUND_ROBIN - This is a simple policy in which each healthy backend is selected in round robin order. * LEAST_REQUEST - An algorithm which selects two random healthy hosts and picks the host which has fewer active requests. * RING_HASH - The ring/modulo hash load balancer implements consistent hashing to backends. The algorithm has the property that the addition/removal of a host from a set of N hosts only affects 1/N of the requests. * RANDOM - The load balancer selects a random healthy host. * ORIGINAL_DESTINATION - Backend host is selected based on the client connection metadata, i.e., connections are opened to the same address as the destination address of the incoming connection before the connection was redirected to the load balancer. * MAGLEV - used as a drop in replacement for the ring hash load balancer. Maglev is not as stable as ring hash but has faster table lookup build times and host selection times. For more information about Maglev, refer to https://ai.google/research/pubs/pub44824 This field is applicable only when the load_balancing_scheme is set to INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED.
- `logConfig` (String) This field denotes the logging options for the load balancer traffic served by this backend service. If logging is enabled, logs will be exported to Stackdriver.
- `outlierDetection` (String) Settings controlling eviction of unhealthy hosts from the load balancing pool. This field is applicable only when the load_balancing_scheme is set to INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED.
- `portName` (String) Name of backend port. The same name should appear in the instance groups referenced by this service. Required when the load balancing scheme is EXTERNAL.
- `securityPolicy` (String) The security policy associated with this backend service.
- `sessionAffinity` (String) Type of session affinity to use. The default is NONE. Session affinity is not applicable if the protocol is UDP.
- `timeoutSec` (Number) How many seconds to wait for the backend before considering it a failed request. Default is 30 seconds. Valid range is [1, 86400].
