---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_pubsub_subscription Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_pubsub_subscription (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the subscription.
- `topic` (String) A reference to a Topic resource. This field represents a link to a Topic resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'name' and value of your resource's name Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_pubsub_topic task and then set this topic field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `ack_deadline_seconds` (Number) This value is the maximum time after a subscriber receives a message before the subscriber should acknowledge the message. After message delivery but before the ack deadline expires and before the message is acknowledged, it is an outstanding message and will not be delivered again during that time (on a best-effort basis). For pull subscriptions, this value is used as the initial value for the ack deadline. To override this value for a given message, call subscriptions.modifyAckDeadline with the corresponding ackId if using pull. The minimum custom deadline you can specify is 10 seconds. The maximum custom deadline you can specify is 600 seconds (10 minutes). If this parameter is 0, a default value of 10 seconds is used. For push delivery, this value is also used to set the request timeout for the call to the push endpoint. If the subscriber never acknowledges the message, the Pub/Sub system will eventually redeliver the message.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cloud_storage` (String) Cloud Storage Subscription configuration.
- `dead_letter_policy` (String) A policy that specifies the conditions for dead lettering messages in this subscription. If dead_letter_policy is not set, dead lettering is disabled. The Cloud Pub/Sub service account associated with this subscription's parent project (i.e., service-{project_number}@gcp-sa-pubsub.iam.gserviceaccount.com) must have permission to Acknowledge() messages on this subscription.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable_message_ordering` (Boolean) If `true`, messages published with the same orderingKey in PubsubMessage will be delivered to the subscribers in the order in which they are received by the Pub/Sub system. Otherwise, they may be delivered in any order.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `expiration_policy` (String) A policy that specifies the conditions for this subscription's expiration. A subscription is considered active as long as any connected subscriber is successfully consuming messages from the subscription or is issuing operations on the subscription. If expirationPolicy is not set, a default policy with ttl of 31 days will be used. If it is set but ttl is "", the resource never expires. The minimum allowed value for expirationPolicy.ttl is 1 day.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filter` (String) The subscription only delivers the messages that match the filter. Pub/Sub automatically acknowledges the messages that don't match the filter. You can filter messages by their attributes. The maximum length of a filter is 256 bytes. After creating the subscription, you can't modify the filter.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) A set of key/value label pairs to assign to this Subscription.
- `message_retention_duration` (String) How long to retain unacknowledged messages in the subscription's backlog, from the moment a message is published. If retainAckedMessages is true, then this also configures the retention of acknowledged messages, and thus configures how far back in time a subscriptions.seek can be done. Defaults to 7 days. Cannot be more than 7 days (`"604800s"`) or less than 10 minutes (`"600s"`). A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, terminated by 's'. Example: `"600.5s"`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `push_config` (String) If push delivery is used with this subscription, this field is used to configure it. An empty pushConfig signifies that the subscriber will pull and ack messages using API methods.
- `retain_acked_messages` (Boolean) Indicates whether to retain acknowledged messages. If `true`, then messages are not expunged from the subscription's backlog, even if they are acknowledged, until they fall out of the messageRetentionDuration window.
- `retry_policy` (String) A policy that specifies how Pub/Sub retries message delivery for this subscription. If not set, the default retry policy is applied. This generally implies that messages will be retried as soon as possible for healthy subscribers. RetryPolicy will be triggered on NACKs or acknowledgement deadline exceeded events for a given message .
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `ackDeadlineSeconds` (Number) This value is the maximum time after a subscriber receives a message before the subscriber should acknowledge the message. After message delivery but before the ack deadline expires and before the message is acknowledged, it is an outstanding message and will not be delivered again during that time (on a best-effort basis). For pull subscriptions, this value is used as the initial value for the ack deadline. To override this value for a given message, call subscriptions.modifyAckDeadline with the corresponding ackId if using pull. The minimum custom deadline you can specify is 10 seconds. The maximum custom deadline you can specify is 600 seconds (10 minutes). If this parameter is 0, a default value of 10 seconds is used. For push delivery, this value is also used to set the request timeout for the call to the push endpoint. If the subscriber never acknowledges the message, the Pub/Sub system will eventually redeliver the message.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `deadLetterPolicy` (String) A policy that specifies the conditions for dead lettering messages in this subscription. If dead_letter_policy is not set, dead lettering is disabled. The Cloud Pub/Sub service account associated with this subscription's parent project (i.e., service-{project_number}@gcp-sa-pubsub.iam.gserviceaccount.com) must have permission to Acknowledge() messages on this subscription.
- `enableMessageOrdering` (Boolean) If `true`, messages published with the same orderingKey in PubsubMessage will be delivered to the subscribers in the order in which they are received by the Pub/Sub system. Otherwise, they may be delivered in any order.
- `expirationPolicy` (String) A policy that specifies the conditions for this subscription's expiration. A subscription is considered active as long as any connected subscriber is successfully consuming messages from the subscription or is issuing operations on the subscription. If expirationPolicy is not set, a default policy with ttl of 31 days will be used. If it is set but ttl is "", the resource never expires. The minimum allowed value for expirationPolicy.ttl is 1 day.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `messageRetentionDuration` (String) How long to retain unacknowledged messages in the subscription's backlog, from the moment a message is published. If retainAckedMessages is true, then this also configures the retention of acknowledged messages, and thus configures how far back in time a subscriptions.seek can be done. Defaults to 7 days. Cannot be more than 7 days (`"604800s"`) or less than 10 minutes (`"600s"`). A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, terminated by 's'. Example: `"600.5s"`.
- `pushConfig` (String) If push delivery is used with this subscription, this field is used to configure it. An empty pushConfig signifies that the subscriber will pull and ack messages using API methods.
- `retainAckedMessages` (Boolean) Indicates whether to retain acknowledged messages. If `true`, then messages are not expunged from the subscription's backlog, even if they are acknowledged, until they fall out of the messageRetentionDuration window.
- `retryPolicy` (String) A policy that specifies how Pub/Sub retries message delivery for this subscription. If not set, the default retry policy is applied. This generally implies that messages will be retried as soon as possible for healthy subscribers. RetryPolicy will be triggered on NACKs or acknowledgement deadline exceeded events for a given message .
