---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_image Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_image (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the resource; provided by the client when the resource is created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when you create the resource.
- `disk_size_gb` (Number) Size of the image when restored onto a persistent disk (in GB).
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `family` (String) The name of the image family to which this image belongs. You can create disks by specifying an image family instead of a specific image name. The image family always returns its latest image that is not deprecated. The name of the image family must comply with RFC1035.
- `guest_os_features` (String) A list of features to enable on the guest operating system. Applicable only for bootable images.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `image_encryption_key` (String) Encrypts the image using a customer-supplied encryption key. After you encrypt an image with a customer-supplied key, you must provide the same key if you use the image later (e.g. to create a disk from the image) .
- `labels` (String) Labels to apply to this Image.
- `licenses` (String) Any applicable license URI.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `raw_disk` (String) The parameters of the raw disk image.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_disk` (String) The source disk to create this image based on. You must provide either this property or the rawDisk.source property but not both to create an image. This field represents a link to a Disk resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_disk task and then set this source_disk field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `source_disk_encryption_key` (String) The customer-supplied encryption key of the source disk. Required if the source disk is protected by a customer-supplied encryption key.
- `source_disk_id` (String) The ID value of the disk used to create this image. This value may be used to determine whether the image was taken from the current or a previous instance of a given disk name.
- `source_image` (String) URL of the source image used to create this image. In order to create an image, you must provide the full or partial URL of one of the following: * The selfLink URL * This property * The rawDisk.source URL * The sourceDisk URL . This field represents a link to a Image resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_image task and then set this source_image field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `source_snapshot` (String) URL of the source snapshot used to create this image. In order to create an image, you must provide the full or partial URL of one of the following: * The selfLink URL * This property * The sourceImage URL * The rawDisk.source URL * The sourceDisk URL . This field represents a link to a Snapshot resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_snapshot task and then set this source_snapshot field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `source_type` (String) The type of the image used to create this disk. The default and only value is RAW . Some valid choices include: "RAW"
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `archiveSizeBytes` (Number) Size of the image tar.gz archive stored in Google Cloud Storage (in bytes).
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creationTimestamp` (String) Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `deprecated` (String) The deprecation status associated with this image.
- `diskSizeGb` (Number) Size of the image when restored onto a persistent disk (in GB).
- `guestOsFeatures` (String) A list of features to enable on the guest operating system. Applicable only for bootable images.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `imageEncryptionKey` (String) Encrypts the image using a customer-supplied encryption key. After you encrypt an image with a customer-supplied key, you must provide the same key if you use the image later (e.g. to create a disk from the image) .
- `labelFingerprint` (String) The fingerprint used for optimistic locking of this resource. Used internally during updates.
- `rawDisk` (String) The parameters of the raw disk image.
- `sourceDisk` (String) The source disk to create this image based on. You must provide either this property or the rawDisk.source property but not both to create an image.
- `sourceDiskEncryptionKey` (String) The customer-supplied encryption key of the source disk. Required if the source disk is protected by a customer-supplied encryption key.
- `sourceDiskId` (String) The ID value of the disk used to create this image. This value may be used to determine whether the image was taken from the current or a previous instance of a given disk name.
- `sourceImage` (String) URL of the source image used to create this image. In order to create an image, you must provide the full or partial URL of one of the following: * The selfLink URL * This property * The rawDisk.source URL * The sourceDisk URL .
- `sourceSnapshot` (String) URL of the source snapshot used to create this image. In order to create an image, you must provide the full or partial URL of one of the following: * The selfLink URL * This property * The sourceImage URL * The rawDisk.source URL * The sourceDisk URL .
- `sourceType` (String) The type of the image used to create this disk. The default and only value is RAW .
