---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_secret_manager Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_secret_manager (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the secret to be used

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) A set of key-value pairs to assign as labels to asecret only used in creation Note that the "value" piece of a label must contain only readable chars
- `location` (String) If provided, it defines the location of the regional secret.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `return_value` (Boolean) if true, the value of the secret will be returned unencrypted to Ansible if false, no value will be returned or decrypted
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) whether the secret should exist
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `value` (String) The secret value that the secret should have this will be set upon create If the secret value is not this, a new version will be added with this value
- `version` (String) A version label to apply to the secret Default is "latest" which is the newest version of the secret The special "all" is also acceptable on delete (which will delete all versions of a secret)

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `resources` (String) List of resources
