---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_node_template Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_node_template (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `region` (String) Region where nodes using the node template will be created .

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cpu_overcommit_type` (String) CPU overcommit. Some valid choices include: "ENABLED", "NONE"
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional textual description of the resource.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource.
- `node_affinity_labels` (String) Labels to use for node affinity, which will be used in instance scheduling.
- `node_type` (String) Node type to use for nodes group that are created from this template. Only one of nodeTypeFlexibility and nodeType can be specified.
- `node_type_flexibility` (String) Flexible properties for the desired node type. Node groups that use this node template will create nodes of a type that matches these properties. Only one of nodeTypeFlexibility and nodeType can be specified.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `server_binding` (String) The server binding policy for nodes using this template. Determines where the nodes should restart following a maintenance event.
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cpuOvercommitType` (String) CPU overcommit.
- `creationTimestamp` (String) Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `nodeAffinityLabels` (String) Labels to use for node affinity, which will be used in instance scheduling.
- `nodeType` (String) Node type to use for nodes group that are created from this template. Only one of nodeTypeFlexibility and nodeType can be specified.
- `nodeTypeFlexibility` (String) Flexible properties for the desired node type. Node groups that use this node template will create nodes of a type that matches these properties. Only one of nodeTypeFlexibility and nodeType can be specified.
- `serverBinding` (String) The server binding policy for nodes using this template. Determines where the nodes should restart following a maintenance event.
