---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_iam_service_account_key Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_iam_service_account_key (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key_algorithm` (String) Specifies the algorithm for the key. Some valid choices include: "KEY_ALG_UNSPECIFIED", "KEY_ALG_RSA_1024", "KEY_ALG_RSA_2048"
- `path` (String) The full name of the file that will hold the service account private key. If the file already exists, it will attempt to be read. Ensure the file does not exist or is alreay a valid key. File path must be absolute.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_key_type` (String) Output format for the service account key. Some valid choices include: "TYPE_UNSPECIFIED", "TYPE_PKCS12_FILE", "TYPE_GOOGLE_CREDENTIALS_FILE"
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account` (String) The name of the serviceAccount. This field represents a link to a ServiceAccount resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'name' and value of your resource's name Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_iam_service_account task and then set this service_account field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `keyAlgorithm` (String) Specifies the algorithm for the key.
- `keyType` (String) Specifies the type of the key. Possible values include KEY_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED, USER_MANAGED and SYSTEM_MANAGED .
- `name` (String) The name of the key.
- `privateKeyData` (String) Private key data. Base-64 encoded.
- `privateKeyType` (String) Output format for the service account key.
- `publicKeyData` (String) Public key data. Base-64 encoded.
- `serviceAccount` (String) The name of the serviceAccount.
- `validAfterTime` (String) Key can only be used after this time.
- `validBeforeTime` (String) Key can only be used before this time.
