---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_health_check Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_health_check (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `check_interval_sec` (Number) How often (in seconds) to send a health check. The default value is 5 seconds.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when you create the resource.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `grpc_health_check` (String) A nested object resource.
- `healthy_threshold` (Number) A so-far unhealthy instance will be marked healthy after this many consecutive successes. The default value is 2.
- `http2_health_check` (String) A nested object resource.
- `http_health_check` (String) A nested object resource.
- `https_health_check` (String) A nested object resource.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `log_config` (String) Configure logging on this health check.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssl_health_check` (String) A nested object resource.
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tcp_health_check` (String) A nested object resource.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timeout_sec` (Number) How long (in seconds) to wait before claiming failure. The default value is 5 seconds. It is invalid for timeoutSec to have greater value than checkIntervalSec.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of the healthCheck, either TCP, SSL, HTTP or HTTPS. If not specified, the default is TCP. Exactly one of the protocol-specific health check field must be specified, which must match type field. Some valid choices include: "TCP", "SSL", "HTTP", "HTTPS", "HTTP2"
- `unhealthy_threshold` (Number) A so-far healthy instance will be marked unhealthy after this many consecutive failures. The default value is 2.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `checkIntervalSec` (Number) How often (in seconds) to send a health check. The default value is 5 seconds.
- `creationTimestamp` (String) Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `grpcHealthCheck` (String) A nested object resource.
- `healthyThreshold` (Number) A so-far unhealthy instance will be marked healthy after this many consecutive successes. The default value is 2.
- `http2HealthCheck` (String) A nested object resource.
- `httpHealthCheck` (String) A nested object resource.
- `httpsHealthCheck` (String) A nested object resource.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `logConfig` (String) Configure logging on this health check.
- `sslHealthCheck` (String) A nested object resource.
- `tcpHealthCheck` (String) A nested object resource.
- `timeoutSec` (Number) How long (in seconds) to wait before claiming failure. The default value is 5 seconds. It is invalid for timeoutSec to have greater value than checkIntervalSec.
- `unhealthyThreshold` (Number) A so-far healthy instance will be marked unhealthy after this many consecutive failures. The default value is 2.
