---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_instance Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_instance (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `zone` (String) A reference to the zone where the machine resides.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `can_ip_forward` (Boolean) Allows this instance to send and receive packets with non-matching destination or source IPs. This is required if you plan to use this instance to forward routes.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `confidential_instance_config` (String) Configuration for confidential computing (requires setting the machine type to any of the n2d-* types and a boot disk of type pd-ssd).
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deletion_protection` (Boolean) Whether the resource should be protected against deletion.
- `discard_local_ssd` (Boolean) Discards the contents of any attached Local SSD disks when changing status to TERMINATED.
- `disks` (String) An array of disks that are associated with the instances that are created from this template.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `guest_accelerators` (String) List of the type and count of accelerator cards attached to the instance .
- `hostname` (String) The hostname of the instance to be created. The specified hostname must be RFC1035 compliant. If hostname is not specified, the default hostname is [INSTANCE_NAME].c.[PROJECT_ID].internal when using the global DNS, and [INSTANCE_NAME].[ZONE].c.[PROJECT_ID].internal when using zonal DNS.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) Labels to apply to this instance. A list of key->value pairs.
- `machine_type` (String) A reference to a machine type which defines VM kind.
- `metadata` (String) The metadata key/value pairs to assign to instances that are created from this template. These pairs can consist of custom metadata or predefined keys.
- `min_cpu_platform` (String) Specifies a minimum CPU platform for the VM instance. Applicable values are the friendly names of CPU platforms .
- `name` (String) The name of the resource, provided by the client when initially creating the resource. The resource name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.
- `network_interfaces` (String) An array of configurations for this interface. This specifies how this interface is configured to interact with other network services, such as connecting to the internet. Only one network interface is supported per instance.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `scheduling` (String) Sets the scheduling options for this instance.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `service_accounts` (String) A list of service accounts, with their specified scopes, authorized for this instance. Only one service account per VM instance is supported.
- `shielded_instance_config` (String) Configuration for various parameters related to shielded instances.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `status` (String) The status of the instance. One of the following values: PROVISIONING, STAGING, RUNNING, STOPPING, SUSPENDING, SUSPENDED, and TERMINATED. As a user, use RUNNING to keep a machine "on" and TERMINATED to turn a machine off . Some valid choices include: "PROVISIONING", "STAGING", "RUNNING", "STOPPING", "SUSPENDING", "SUSPENDED", "TERMINATED"
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `canIpForward` (Boolean) Allows this instance to send and receive packets with non-matching destination or source IPs. This is required if you plan to use this instance to forward routes.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `confidentialInstanceConfig` (String) Configuration for confidential computing (requires setting the machine type to any of the n2d-* types and a boot disk of type pd-ssd).
- `cpuPlatform` (String) The CPU platform used by this instance.
- `creationTimestamp` (String) Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `deletionProtection` (Boolean) Whether the resource should be protected against deletion.
- `guestAccelerators` (String) List of the type and count of accelerator cards attached to the instance .
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `labelFingerprint` (String) The fingerprint used for optimistic locking of this resource. Used internally during updates.
- `machineType` (String) A reference to a machine type which defines VM kind. See https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/machine-types for a list of current valid machine types.
- `minCpuPlatform` (String) Specifies a minimum CPU platform for the VM instance. Applicable values are the friendly names of CPU platforms .
- `networkInterfaces` (String) An array of configurations for this interface. This specifies how this interface is configured to interact with other network services, such as connecting to the internet. Only one network interface is supported per instance.
- `serviceAccounts` (String) A list of service accounts, with their specified scopes, authorized for this instance. Only one service account per VM instance is supported.
- `shieldedInstanceConfig` (String) Configuration for various parameters related to shielded instances.
- `statusMessage` (String) An optional, human-readable explanation of the status.
