---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_region_url_map Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_region_url_map (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.
- `region` (String) A reference to the region where the url map resides.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `default_service` (String) The full or partial URL of the defaultService resource to which traffic is directed if none of the hostRules match. If defaultRouteAction is additionally specified, advanced routing actions like URL Rewrites, etc. take effect prior to sending the request to the backend. However, if defaultService is specified, defaultRouteAction cannot contain any weightedBackendServices. Conversely, if routeAction specifies any weightedBackendServices, service must not be specified. Only one of defaultService, defaultUrlRedirect or defaultRouteAction.weightedBackendService must be set. This field represents a link to a RegionBackendService resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_region_backend_service task and then set this default_service field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `default_url_redirect` (String) When none of the specified hostRules match, the request is redirected to a URL specified by defaultUrlRedirect. If defaultUrlRedirect is specified, defaultService or defaultRouteAction must not be set.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when you create the resource.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host_rules` (String) The list of HostRules to use against the URL.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `path_matchers` (String) The list of named PathMatchers to use against the URL.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tests` (String) The list of expected URL mappings. Requests to update this UrlMap will succeed only if all of the test cases pass.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creationTimestamp` (String) Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `defaultService` (String) The full or partial URL of the defaultService resource to which traffic is directed if none of the hostRules match. If defaultRouteAction is additionally specified, advanced routing actions like URL Rewrites, etc. take effect prior to sending the request to the backend. However, if defaultService is specified, defaultRouteAction cannot contain any weightedBackendServices. Conversely, if routeAction specifies any weightedBackendServices, service must not be specified. Only one of defaultService, defaultUrlRedirect or defaultRouteAction.weightedBackendService must be set.
- `defaultUrlRedirect` (String) When none of the specified hostRules match, the request is redirected to a URL specified by defaultUrlRedirect. If defaultUrlRedirect is specified, defaultService or defaultRouteAction must not be set.
- `fingerprint` (String) Fingerprint of this resource. This field is used internally during updates of this resource.
- `hostRules` (String) The list of HostRules to use against the URL.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `pathMatchers` (String) The list of named PathMatchers to use against the URL.
