---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_cloudfunctions_cloud_function Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_cloudfunctions_cloud_function (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `location` (String) The location of this cloud function.
- `name` (String) A user-defined name of the function. Function names must be unique globally and match pattern `projects/*/locations/*/functions/*`.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `available_memory_mb` (Number) The amount of memory in MB available for a function.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) User-provided description of a function.
- `entry_point` (String) The name of the function (as defined in source code) that will be executed. Defaults to the resource name suffix, if not specified. For backward compatibility, if function with given name is not found, then the system will try to use function named "function". For Node.js this is name of a function exported by the module specified in source_location.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `environment_variables` (String) Environment variables that shall be available during function execution.
- `event_trigger` (String) An HTTPS endpoint type of source that can be triggered via URL.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `https_trigger` (String) An HTTPS endpoint type of source that can be triggered via URL.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) A set of key/value label pairs associated with this Cloud Function.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `runtime` (String) The runtime in which to run the function. Required when deploying a new function, optional when updating an existing function.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_archive_url` (String) The Google Cloud Storage URL, starting with gs://, pointing to the zip archive which contains the function.
- `source_repository` (String) The source repository where a function is hosted.
- `source_upload_url` (String) The Google Cloud Storage signed URL used for source uploading.
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `trigger_http` (Boolean) Use HTTP to trigger this function.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `availableMemoryMb` (Number) The amount of memory in MB available for a function.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `entryPoint` (String) The name of the function (as defined in source code) that will be executed. Defaults to the resource name suffix, if not specified. For backward compatibility, if function with given name is not found, then the system will try to use function named "function". For Node.js this is name of a function exported by the module specified in source_location.
- `environmentVariables` (String) Environment variables that shall be available during function execution.
- `eventTrigger` (String) An HTTPS endpoint type of source that can be triggered via URL.
- `httpsTrigger` (String) An HTTPS endpoint type of source that can be triggered via URL.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `serviceAccountEmail` (String) The email of the service account for this function.
- `sourceArchiveUrl` (String) The Google Cloud Storage URL, starting with gs://, pointing to the zip archive which contains the function.
- `sourceRepository` (String) The source repository where a function is hosted.
- `sourceUploadUrl` (String) The Google Cloud Storage signed URL used for source uploading.
- `status` (String) Status of the function deployment.
- `updateTime` (String) The last update timestamp of a Cloud Function.
- `versionId` (String) The version identifier of the Cloud Function. Each deployment attempt results in a new version of a function being created.
