---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_pubsub_topic Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_pubsub_topic (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the topic.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `kms_key_name` (String) The resource name of the Cloud KMS CryptoKey to be used to protect access to messages published on this topic. Your project's PubSub service account (`service-{{PROJECT_NUMBER}}@gcp-sa-pubsub.iam.gserviceaccount.com`) must have `roles/cloudkms.cryptoKeyEncrypterDecrypter` to use this feature. The expected format is `projects/*/locations/*/keyRings/*/cryptoKeys/*` .
- `labels` (String) A set of key/value label pairs to assign to this Topic.
- `message_storage_policy` (String) Policy constraining the set of Google Cloud Platform regions where messages published to the topic may be stored. If not present, then no constraints are in effect.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `schema_settings` (String) Settings for validating messages published against a schema.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `kmsKeyName` (String) The resource name of the Cloud KMS CryptoKey to be used to protect access to messages published on this topic. Your project's PubSub service account (`service-{{PROJECT_NUMBER}}@gcp-sa-pubsub.iam.gserviceaccount.com`) must have `roles/cloudkms.cryptoKeyEncrypterDecrypter` to use this feature. The expected format is `projects/*/locations/*/keyRings/*/cryptoKeys/*` .
- `messageStoragePolicy` (String) Policy constraining the set of Google Cloud Platform regions where messages published to the topic may be stored. If not present, then no constraints are in effect.
- `schemaSettings` (String) Settings for validating messages published against a schema.
