---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_alloydb_cluster Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_alloydb_cluster (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the alloydb cluster.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `initial_user` (String) Initial user to setup during cluster creation.
- `location` (String) The location where the alloydb cluster should reside.

### Optional

- `annotations` (String) Annotations to allow client tools to store small amount of arbitrary data. This is distinct from labels. https://google.aip.dev/128 An object containing a list of "key": value pairs. Example: { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg", "count": "3" }.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `automated_backup_policy` (String) The automated backup policy for this cluster. AutomatedBackupPolicy is disabled by default.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster_type` (String) The type of cluster. If not set, defaults to PRIMARY.
- `continuous_backup_config` (String) The continuous backup config for this cluster. If no policy is provided then the default policy will be used. The default policy takes one backup a day and retains backups for 14 days.
- `database_version` (String) The database engine major version. This is an optional field and it's populated at the Cluster creation time. Note: Changing this field to a higer version results in upgrading the AlloyDB cluster which is an irreversible change.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `display_name` (String) User-settable and human-readable display name for the Cluster.
- `encryption_config` (String) EncryptionConfig describes the encryption config of a cluster or a backup that is encrypted with a CMEK (customer-managed encryption key).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `etag` (String) For Resource freshness validation (https://google.aip.dev/154).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) User-defined labels for the alloydb cluster.
- `maintenance_update_policy` (String) MaintenanceUpdatePolicy defines the policy for system updates.
- `network_config` (String) Metadata related to network configuration.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `psc_config` (String) Configuration for Private Service Connect (PSC) for the cluster.
- `restore_backup_source` (String) The source when restoring from a backup. Conflicts with 'restore_continuous_backup_source', both can't be set together.
- `restore_continuous_backup_source` (String) The source when restoring via point in time recovery (PITR). Conflicts with 'restore_backup_source', both can't be set together.
- `secondary_config` (String) Configuration of the secondary cluster for Cross Region Replication. This should be set if and only if the cluster is of type SECONDARY.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the resource should exist in GCP.
- `subscription_type` (String) The subscrition type of cluster.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `backupSource` (String) Cluster created from backup.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `continuousBackupInfo` (String) ContinuousBackupInfo describes the continuous backup properties of a cluster.
- `encryptionInfo` (String) EncryptionInfo describes the encryption information of a cluster or a backup.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `migrationSource` (String) Cluster created via DMS migration.
- `name` (String) The name of the cluster resource.
- `reconciling` (Boolean) Output only. Reconciling (https://google.aip.dev/128#reconciliation). Set to true if the current state of Cluster does not match the user's intended state, and the service is actively updating the resource to
reconcile them. This can happen due to user-triggered updates or system actions like failover or maintenance.
- `trialMetadata` (String) Contains information and all metadata related to TRIAL clusters.
- `uid` (String) The system-generated UID of the resource.
