---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_container_cluster Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_container_cluster (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `location` (String) The location where the cluster is deployed.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `addons_config` (String) Configurations for the various addons available to run in the cluster.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `binary_authorization` (String) Configuration for the BinaryAuthorization feature.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster_ipv4_cidr` (String) The IP address range of the container pods in this cluster, in CIDR notation (e.g. 10.96.0.0/14). Leave blank to have one automatically chosen or specify a /14 block in 10.0.0.0/8.
- `database_encryption` (String) Configuration of etcd encryption.
- `default_max_pods_constraint` (String) The default constraint on the maximum number of pods that can be run simultaneously on a node in the node pool of this cluster. Only honored if cluster created with IP Alias support.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional description of this cluster.
- `enable_kubernetes_alpha` (Boolean) Kubernetes alpha features are enabled on this cluster. This includes alpha API groups (e.g. v1alpha1) and features that may not be production ready in the kubernetes version of the master and nodes.
- `enable_tpu` (Boolean) (Optional) Whether to enable Cloud TPU resources in this cluster. See the official documentation - https://cloud.google.com/tpu/docs/kubernetes-engine-setup .
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `initial_cluster_version` (String) The software version of the master endpoint and kubelets used in the cluster when it was first created. The version can be upgraded over time.
- `initial_node_count` (Number) The number of nodes to create in this cluster. You must ensure that your Compute Engine resource quota is sufficient for this number of instances. You must also have available firewall and routes quota. For requests, this field should only be used in lieu of a "nodePool" object, since this configuration (along with the "nodeConfig") will be used to create a "NodePool" object with an auto-generated name. Do not use this and a nodePool at the same time. This field has been deprecated. Please use nodePool.initial_node_count instead.
- `ip_allocation_policy` (String) Configuration for controlling how IPs are allocated in the cluster.
- `kubectl_context` (String) The name of the context for the kubectl config file. Will default to the cluster name.
- `kubectl_path` (String) The path that the kubectl config file will be written to. The file will not be created if this path is unset. Any existing file at this path will be completely overwritten. This requires the PyYaml library.
- `legacy_abac` (String) Configuration for the legacy ABAC authorization mode.
- `locations` (String) The list of Google Compute Engine zones in which the cluster's nodes should be located.
- `logging_service` (String) The logging service the cluster should use to write logs. Currently available options: logging.googleapis.com - the Google Cloud Logging service. none - no logs will be exported from the cluster. if left as an empty string,logging.googleapis.com will be used. Some valid choices include: "logging.googleapis.com", "none"
- `master_auth` (String) The authentication information for accessing the master endpoint.
- `master_authorized_networks_config` (String) Configuration for controlling how IPs are allocated in the cluster.
- `monitoring_service` (String) The monitoring service the cluster should use to write metrics. Currently available options: monitoring.googleapis.com - the Google Cloud Monitoring service. none - no metrics will be exported from the cluster. if left as an empty string, monitoring.googleapis.com will be used. Some valid choices include: "monitoring.googleapis.com", "none"
- `name` (String) The name of this cluster. The name must be unique within this project and location, and can be up to 40 characters. Must be Lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens only. Must start with a letter. Must end with a number or a letter.
- `network` (String) The name of the Google Compute Engine network to which the cluster is connected. If left unspecified, the default network will be used.
- `network_config` (String) Network configurations .
- `network_policy` (String) Configuration options for the NetworkPolicy feature.
- `node_config` (String) Parameters used in creating the cluster's nodes. For requests, this field should only be used in lieu of a "nodePool" object, since this configuration (along with the "initialNodeCount") will be used to create a "NodePool" object with an auto-generated name. Do not use this and a nodePool at the same time. For responses, this field will be populated with the node configuration of the first node pool. If unspecified, the defaults are used.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_cluster_config` (String) Configuration for a private cluster.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `release_channel` (String) ReleaseChannel indicates which release channel a cluster is subscribed to. Release channels are arranged in order of risk and frequency of updates.
- `resource_labels` (String) The resource labels for the cluster to use to annotate any related Google Compute Engine resources.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `shielded_nodes` (String) Shielded Nodes configuration.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `subnetwork` (String) The name of the Google Compute Engine subnetwork to which the cluster is connected.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `addonsConfig` (String) Configurations for the various addons available to run in the cluster.
- `binaryAuthorization` (String) Configuration for the BinaryAuthorization feature.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `clusterIpv4Cidr` (String) The IP address range of the container pods in this cluster, in CIDR notation (e.g. 10.96.0.0/14). Leave blank to have one automatically chosen or specify a /14 block in 10.0.0.0/8.
- `conditions` (String) Which conditions caused the current cluster state.
- `createTime` (String) The time the cluster was created, in RFC3339 text format.
- `currentMasterVersion` (String) The current software version of the master endpoint.
- `currentNodeCount` (Number) The number of nodes currently in the cluster.
- `currentNodeVersion` (String) The current version of the node software components. If they are currently at multiple versions because they're in the process of being upgraded, this reflects the minimum version of all nodes.
- `databaseEncryption` (String) Configuration of etcd encryption.
- `defaultMaxPodsConstraint` (String) The default constraint on the maximum number of pods that can be run simultaneously on a node in the node pool of this cluster. Only honored if cluster created with IP Alias support.
- `enableKubernetesAlpha` (Boolean) Kubernetes alpha features are enabled on this cluster. This includes alpha API groups (e.g. v1alpha1) and features that may not be production ready in the kubernetes version of the master and nodes.
- `enableTpu` (Boolean) (Optional) Whether to enable Cloud TPU resources in this cluster. See the official documentation - https://cloud.google.com/tpu/docs/kubernetes-engine-setup .
- `endpoint` (String) The IP address of this cluster's master endpoint. The endpoint can be accessed from the internet at https://username:password@endpoint/ See the masterAuth property of this resource for username and password information.
- `expireTime` (String) The time the cluster will be automatically deleted in RFC3339 text format.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `initialClusterVersion` (String) The software version of the master endpoint and kubelets used in the cluster when it was first created. The version can be upgraded over time.
- `initialNodeCount` (Number) The number of nodes to create in this cluster. You must ensure that your Compute Engine resource quota is sufficient for this number of instances. You must also have available firewall and routes quota. For requests, this field should only be used in lieu of a "nodePool" object, since this configuration (along with the "nodeConfig") will be used to create a "NodePool" object with an auto-generated name. Do not use this and a nodePool at the same time. This field has been deprecated. Please use nodePool.initial_node_count instead.
- `ipAllocationPolicy` (String) Configuration for controlling how IPs are allocated in the cluster.
- `kubectlContext` (String) The name of the context for the kubectl config file. Will default to the cluster name.
- `kubectlPath` (String) The path that the kubectl config file will be written to. The file will not be created if this path is unset. Any existing file at this path will be completely overwritten. This requires the PyYaml library.
- `labelFingerprint` (String) The fingerprint of the set of labels for this cluster.
- `legacyAbac` (String) Configuration for the legacy ABAC authorization mode.
- `loggingService` (String) The logging service the cluster should use to write logs. Currently available options: logging.googleapis.com - the Google Cloud Logging service. none - no logs will be exported from the cluster. if left as an empty string,logging.googleapis.com will be used.
- `masterAuth` (String) The authentication information for accessing the master endpoint.
- `masterAuthorizedNetworksConfig` (String) Configuration for controlling how IPs are allocated in the cluster.
- `monitoringService` (String) The monitoring service the cluster should use to write metrics. Currently available options: monitoring.googleapis.com - the Google Cloud Monitoring service. none - no metrics will be exported from the cluster. if left as an empty string, monitoring.googleapis.com will be used.
- `networkConfig` (String) Network configurations .
- `networkPolicy` (String) Configuration options for the NetworkPolicy feature.
- `nodeConfig` (String) Parameters used in creating the cluster's nodes. For requests, this field should only be used in lieu of a "nodePool" object, since this configuration (along with the "initialNodeCount") will be used to create a "NodePool" object with an auto-generated name. Do not use this and a nodePool at the same time. For responses, this field will be populated with the node configuration of the first node pool. If unspecified, the defaults are used.
- `nodeIpv4CidrSize` (Number) The size of the address space on each node for hosting containers. This is provisioned from within the container_ipv4_cidr range.
- `nodePools` (String) Node pools belonging to this cluster.
- `privateClusterConfig` (String) Configuration for a private cluster.
- `releaseChannel` (String) ReleaseChannel indicates which release channel a cluster is subscribed to. Release channels are arranged in order of risk and frequency of updates.
- `resourceLabels` (String) The resource labels for the cluster to use to annotate any related Google Compute Engine resources.
- `servicesIpv4Cidr` (String) The IP address range of the Kubernetes services in this cluster, in CIDR notation (e.g. 1.2.3.4/29). Service addresses are typically put in the last /16 from the container CIDR.
- `shieldedNodes` (String) Shielded Nodes configuration.
- `status` (String) The current status of this cluster.
- `statusMessage` (String) Additional information about the current status of this cluster, if available.
- `tpuIpv4CidrBlock` (String) The IP address range of the Cloud TPUs in this cluster, in [CIDR](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classless_Inter-Domain_Routing) notation (e.g. `1.2.3.4/29`).
