---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_global_forwarding_rule Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_global_forwarding_rule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the resource; provided by the client when the resource is created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.
- `target` (String) The URL of the target resource to receive the matched traffic. The forwarded traffic must be of a type appropriate to the target object. For INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED load balancing, only HTTP and HTTPS targets are valid. ([Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html) only) For global address with a purpose of PRIVATE_SERVICE_CONNECT and addressType of INTERNAL, only "all-apis" and "vpc-sc" are valid.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when you create the resource.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address that this forwarding rule is serving on behalf of. Addresses are restricted based on the forwarding rule's load balancing scheme (EXTERNAL or INTERNAL) and scope (global or regional). When the load balancing scheme is EXTERNAL, for global forwarding rules, the address must be a global IP, and for regional forwarding rules, the address must live in the same region as the forwarding rule. If this field is empty, an ephemeral IPv4 address from the same scope (global or regional) will be assigned. A regional forwarding rule supports IPv4 only. A global forwarding rule supports either IPv4 or IPv6. When the load balancing scheme is INTERNAL, this can only be an RFC 1918 IP address belonging to the network/subnet configured for the forwarding rule. By default, if this field is empty, an ephemeral internal IP address will be automatically allocated from the IP range of the subnet or network configured for this forwarding rule. An address can be specified either by a literal IP address or a URL reference to an existing Address resource. The following examples are all valid: * 100.1.2.3 * https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/project/regions/region/addresses/address * projects/project/regions/region/addresses/address * regions/region/addresses/address * global/addresses/address * address .
- `ip_protocol` (String) The IP protocol to which this rule applies. When the load balancing scheme is INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED, only TCP is valid. This field must not be set if the global address is configured as a purpose of PRIVATE_SERVICE_CONNECT and addressType of INTERNAL . Some valid choices include: "TCP", "UDP", "ESP", "AH", "SCTP", "ICMP"
- `ip_version` (String) The IP Version that will be used by this global forwarding rule. Some valid choices include: "IPV4", "IPV6"
- `load_balancing_scheme` (String) This signifies what the GlobalForwardingRule will be used for. The value of INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED means that this will be used for Internal Global HTT`S` LB. The value of EXTERNAL means that this will be used for External Global Load Balancing (HTT`S` LB, External TCP/UDP LB, SSL Proxy) ([Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html) only) Note: This field must be set "" if the global address is configured as a purpose of PRIVATE_SERVICE_CONNECT and addressType of INTERNAL. Some valid choices include: "EXTERNAL", "INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED"
- `metadata_filters` (String) Opaque filter criteria used by Loadbalancer to restrict routing configuration to a limited set xDS compliant clients. In their xDS requests to Loadbalancer, xDS clients present node metadata. If a match takes place, the relevant routing configuration is made available to those proxies. For each metadataFilter in this list, if its filterMatchCriteria is set to MATCH_ANY, at least one of the filterLabels must match the corresponding label provided in the metadata. If its filterMatchCriteria is set to MATCH_ALL, then all of its filterLabels must match with corresponding labels in the provided metadata. metadataFilters specified here can be overridden by those specified in the UrlMap that this ForwardingRule references. metadataFilters only applies to Loadbalancers that have their loadBalancingScheme set to INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED.
- `network` (String) This field is not used for external load balancing. For INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED load balancing, this field identifies the network that the load balanced IP should belong to for this global forwarding rule. If this field is not specified, the default network will be used. This field represents a link to a Network resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_network task and then set this network field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port_range` (String) This field is used along with the target field for TargetHttpProxy, TargetHttpsProxy, TargetSslProxy, TargetTcpProxy, TargetVpnGateway, TargetPool, TargetInstance. Applicable only when IPProtocol is TCP, UDP, or SCTP, only packets addressed to ports in the specified range will be forwarded to target. Forwarding rules with the same [IPAddress, IPProtocol] pair must have disjoint port ranges. Some types of forwarding target have constraints on the acceptable ports: * TargetHttpProxy: 80, 8080 * TargetHttpsProxy: 443 * TargetTcpProxy: 25, 43, 110, 143, 195, 443, 465, 587, 700, 993, 995, 1883, 5222 * TargetSslProxy: 25, 43, 110, 143, 195, 443, 465, 587, 700, 993, 995, 1883, 5222 * TargetVpnGateway: 500, 4500 .
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `IPAddress` (String) The IP address that this forwarding rule is serving on behalf of. Addresses are restricted based on the forwarding rule's load balancing scheme (EXTERNAL or INTERNAL) and scope (global or regional). When the load balancing scheme is EXTERNAL, for global forwarding rules, the address must be a global IP, and for regional forwarding rules, the address must live in the same region as the forwarding rule. If this field is empty, an ephemeral IPv4 address from the same scope (global or regional) will be assigned. A regional forwarding rule supports IPv4 only. A global forwarding rule supports either IPv4 or IPv6. When the load balancing scheme is INTERNAL, this can only be an RFC 1918 IP address belonging to the network/subnet configured for the forwarding rule. By default, if this field is empty, an ephemeral internal IP address will be automatically allocated from the IP range of the subnet or network configured for this forwarding rule. An address can be specified either by a literal IP address or a URL reference to an existing Address resource. The following examples are all valid: * 100.1.2.3 * https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/project/regions/region/addresses/address * projects/project/regions/region/addresses/address * regions/region/addresses/address * global/addresses/address * address .
- `IPProtocol` (String) The IP protocol to which this rule applies. When the load balancing scheme is INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED, only TCP is valid. This field must not be set if the global address is configured as a purpose of PRIVATE_SERVICE_CONNECT and addressType of INTERNAL .
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creationTimestamp` (String) Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `ipVersion` (String) The IP Version that will be used by this global forwarding rule.
- `loadBalancingScheme` (String) This signifies what the GlobalForwardingRule will be used for. The value of INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED means that this will be used for Internal Global HTT`S` LB. The value of EXTERNAL means that this will be used for External Global Load Balancing (HTT`S` LB, External TCP/UDP LB, SSL Proxy) ([Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html) only) Note: This field must be set "" if the global address is configured as a purpose of PRIVATE_SERVICE_CONNECT and addressType of INTERNAL.
- `metadataFilters` (String) Opaque filter criteria used by Loadbalancer to restrict routing configuration to a limited set xDS compliant clients. In their xDS requests to Loadbalancer, xDS clients present node metadata. If a match takes place, the relevant routing configuration is made available to those proxies. For each metadataFilter in this list, if its filterMatchCriteria is set to MATCH_ANY, at least one of the filterLabels must match the corresponding label provided in the metadata. If its filterMatchCriteria is set to MATCH_ALL, then all of its filterLabels must match with corresponding labels in the provided metadata. metadataFilters specified here can be overridden by those specified in the UrlMap that this ForwardingRule references. metadataFilters only applies to Loadbalancers that have their loadBalancingScheme set to INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED.
- `portRange` (String) This field is used along with the target field for TargetHttpProxy, TargetHttpsProxy, TargetSslProxy, TargetTcpProxy, TargetVpnGateway, TargetPool, TargetInstance. Applicable only when IPProtocol is TCP, UDP, or SCTP, only packets addressed to ports in the specified range will be forwarded to target. Forwarding rules with the same [IPAddress, IPProtocol] pair must have disjoint port ranges. Some types of forwarding target have constraints on the acceptable ports: * TargetHttpProxy: 80, 8080 * TargetHttpsProxy: 443 * TargetTcpProxy: 25, 43, 110, 143, 195, 443, 465, 587, 700, 993, 995, 1883, 5222 * TargetSslProxy: 25, 43, 110, 143, 195, 443, 465, 587, 700, 993, 995, 1883, 5222 * TargetVpnGateway: 500, 4500 .
