---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_instance_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_instance_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `zone` (String) A reference to the zone where the instance group resides.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when you create the resource.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `instances` (String) The list of instances associated with this InstanceGroup. All instances must be created before being added to an InstanceGroup. All instances not in this list will be removed from the InstanceGroup and will not be deleted. Only the full identifier of the instance will be returned.
- `name` (String) The name of the instance group. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035.
- `named_ports` (String) Assigns a name to a port number. For example: {name: "http", port: 80}. This allows the system to reference ports by the assigned name instead of a port number. Named ports can also contain multiple ports. For example: [{name: "http", port: 80},{name: "http", port: 8080}] Named ports apply to all instances in this instance group.
- `network` (String) The network to which all instances in the instance group belong. This field represents a link to a Network resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_network task and then set this network field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `region` (String) The region where the instance group is located (for regional resources).
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `subnetwork` (String) The subnetwork to which all instances in the instance group belong. This field represents a link to a Subnetwork resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_subnetwork task and then set this subnetwork field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creationTimestamp` (String) Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `namedPorts` (String) Assigns a name to a port number. For example: {name: "http", port: 80}. This allows the system to reference ports by the assigned name instead of a port number. Named ports can also contain multiple ports. For example: [{name: "http", port: 80},{name: "http", port: 8080}] Named ports apply to all instances in this instance group.
