---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_subnetwork Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_subnetwork (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `ip_cidr_range` (String) The range of internal addresses that are owned by this subnetwork. Provide this property when you create the subnetwork. For example, 10.0.0.0/8 or 192.168.0.0/16. Ranges must be unique and non-overlapping within a network. Only IPv4 is supported.
- `name` (String) The name of the resource, provided by the client when initially creating the resource. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.
- `network` (String) The network this subnet belongs to. Only networks that are in the distributed mode can have subnetworks. This field represents a link to a Network resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_network task and then set this network field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `region` (String) The GCP region for this subnetwork.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when you create the resource. This field can be set only at resource creation time.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_ip_google_access` (Boolean) When enabled, VMs in this subnetwork without external IP addresses can access Google APIs and services by using Private Google Access.
- `private_ipv6_google_access` (String) The private IPv6 google access type for the VMs in this subnet.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `secondary_ip_ranges` (String) An array of configurations for secondary IP ranges for VM instances contained in this subnetwork. The primary IP of such VM must belong to the primary ipCidrRange of the subnetwork. The alias IPs may belong to either primary or secondary ranges.
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creationTimestamp` (String) Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `gatewayAddress` (String) The gateway address for default routes to reach destination addresses outside this subnetwork.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `ipCidrRange` (String) The range of internal addresses that are owned by this subnetwork. Provide this property when you create the subnetwork. For example, 10.0.0.0/8 or 192.168.0.0/16. Ranges must be unique and non-overlapping within a network. Only IPv4 is supported.
- `privateIpGoogleAccess` (Boolean) When enabled, VMs in this subnetwork without external IP addresses can access Google APIs and services by using Private Google Access.
- `privateIpv6GoogleAccess` (String) The private IPv6 google access type for the VMs in this subnet.
- `secondaryIpRanges` (String) An array of configurations for secondary IP ranges for VM instances contained in this subnetwork. The primary IP of such VM must belong to the primary ipCidrRange of the subnetwork. The alias IPs may belong to either primary or secondary ranges.
