---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_logging_metric Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_logging_metric (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `filter` (String) An advanced logs filter (https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/view/advanced-filters) which is used to match log entries.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `metric_descriptor` (String) The metric descriptor associated with the logs-based metric.
- `name` (String) The client-assigned metric identifier. Examples - "error_count", "nginx/requests". Metric identifiers are limited to 100 characters and can include only the following characters A-Z, a-z, 0-9, and the special characters _-.,+!*',()%/. The forward-slash character (/) denotes a hierarchy of name pieces, and it cannot be the first character of the name.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bucket_options` (String) The bucketOptions are required when the logs-based metric is using a DISTRIBUTION value type and it describes the bucket boundaries used to create a histogram of the extracted values.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A description of this metric, which is used in documentation. The maximum length of the description is 8000 characters.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `label_extractors` (String) A map from a label key string to an extractor expression which is used to extract data from a log entry field and assign as the label value. Each label key specified in the LabelDescriptor must have an associated extractor expression in this map. The syntax of the extractor expression is the same as for the valueExtractor field.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `value_extractor` (String) A valueExtractor is required when using a distribution logs-based metric to extract the values to record from a log entry. Two functions are supported for value extraction - EXTRACT(field) or REGEXP_EXTRACT(field, regex). The argument are 1. field - The name of the log entry field from which the value is to be extracted. 2. regex - A regular expression using the Google RE2 syntax (https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax) with a single capture group to extract data from the specified log entry field. The value of the field is converted to a string before applying the regex. It is an error to specify a regex that does not include exactly one capture group.

### Read-Only

- `bucketOptions` (String) The bucketOptions are required when the logs-based metric is using a DISTRIBUTION value type and it describes the bucket boundaries used to create a histogram of the extracted values.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `labelExtractors` (String) A map from a label key string to an extractor expression which is used to extract data from a log entry field and assign as the label value. Each label key specified in the LabelDescriptor must have an associated extractor expression in this map. The syntax of the extractor expression is the same as for the valueExtractor field.
- `metricDescriptor` (String) The metric descriptor associated with the logs-based metric.
- `valueExtractor` (String) A valueExtractor is required when using a distribution logs-based metric to extract the values to record from a log entry. Two functions are supported for value extraction - EXTRACT(field) or REGEXP_EXTRACT(field, regex). The argument are 1. field - The name of the log entry field from which the value is to be extracted. 2. regex - A regular expression using the Google RE2 syntax (https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax) with a single capture group to extract data from the specified log entry field. The value of the field is converted to a string before applying the regex. It is an error to specify a regex that does not include exactly one capture group.
