---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_snapshot Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_snapshot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the resource; provided by the client when the resource is created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.
- `source_disk` (String) A reference to the disk used to create this snapshot. This field represents a link to a Disk resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'name' and value of your resource's name Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_disk task and then set this source_disk field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional description of this resource.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) Labels to apply to this Snapshot.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot_encryption_key` (String) The customer-supplied encryption key of the snapshot. Required if the source snapshot is protected by a customer-supplied encryption key.
- `source_disk_encryption_key` (String) The customer-supplied encryption key of the source snapshot. Required if the source snapshot is protected by a customer-supplied encryption key.
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `storage_locations` (String) Cloud Storage bucket storage location of the snapshot (regional or multi-regional).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `zone` (String) A reference to the zone where the disk is hosted.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creationTimestamp` (String) Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `diskSizeGb` (Number) Size of the snapshot, specified in GB.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `labelFingerprint` (String) The fingerprint used for optimistic locking of this resource. Used internally during updates.
- `licenses` (String) A list of public visible licenses that apply to this snapshot. This can be because the original image had licenses attached (such as a Windows image). snapshotEncryptionKey nested object Encrypts the snapshot using a customer-supplied encryption key.
- `snapshotEncryptionKey` (String) The customer-supplied encryption key of the snapshot. Required if the source snapshot is protected by a customer-supplied encryption key.
- `sourceDisk` (String) A reference to the disk used to create this snapshot.
- `sourceDiskEncryptionKey` (String) The customer-supplied encryption key of the source snapshot. Required if the source snapshot is protected by a customer-supplied encryption key.
- `storageBytes` (Number) A size of the storage used by the snapshot. As snapshots share storage, this number is expected to change with snapshot creation/deletion.
- `storageLocations` (String) Cloud Storage bucket storage location of the snapshot (regional or multi-regional).
