---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_http_health_check Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_http_health_check (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `check_interval_sec` (Number) How often (in seconds) to send a health check. The default value is 5 seconds.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when you create the resource.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `healthy_threshold` (Number) A so-far unhealthy instance will be marked healthy after this many consecutive successes. The default value is 2.
- `host` (String) The value of the host header in the HTTP health check request. If left empty (default value), the public IP on behalf of which this health check is performed will be used.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) The TCP port number for the HTTP health check request. The default value is 80.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `request_path` (String) The request path of the HTTP health check request. The default value is /.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timeout_sec` (Number) How long (in seconds) to wait before claiming failure. The default value is 5 seconds. It is invalid for timeoutSec to have greater value than checkIntervalSec.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unhealthy_threshold` (Number) A so-far healthy instance will be marked unhealthy after this many consecutive failures. The default value is 2.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `checkIntervalSec` (Number) How often (in seconds) to send a health check. The default value is 5 seconds.
- `creationTimestamp` (String) Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `healthyThreshold` (Number) A so-far unhealthy instance will be marked healthy after this many consecutive successes. The default value is 2.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `requestPath` (String) The request path of the HTTP health check request. The default value is /.
- `timeoutSec` (Number) How long (in seconds) to wait before claiming failure. The default value is 5 seconds. It is invalid for timeoutSec to have greater value than checkIntervalSec.
- `unhealthyThreshold` (Number) A so-far healthy instance will be marked unhealthy after this many consecutive failures. The default value is 2.
