---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_region_backend_service Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_region_backend_service (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.
- `region` (String) A reference to the region where the regional backend service resides.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `affinity_cookie_ttl_sec` (Number) Lifetime of cookies in seconds if session_affinity is GENERATED_COOKIE. If set to 0, the cookie is non-persistent and lasts only until the end of the browser session (or equivalent). The maximum allowed value for TTL is one day. When the load balancing scheme is INTERNAL, this field is not used.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backends` (String) The set of backends that serve this RegionBackendService.
- `cdn_policy` (String) Cloud CDN configuration for this BackendService.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `circuit_breakers` (String) Settings controlling the volume of connections to a backend service. This field is applicable only when the `load_balancing_scheme` is set to INTERNAL_MANAGED and the `protocol` is set to HTTP, HTTPS, or HTTP2.
- `connection_draining` (String) Settings for connection draining .
- `consistent_hash` (String) Consistent Hash-based load balancing can be used to provide soft session affinity based on HTTP headers, cookies or other properties. This load balancing policy is applicable only for HTTP connections. The affinity to a particular destination host will be lost when one or more hosts are added/removed from the destination service. This field specifies parameters that control consistent hashing. This field only applies when all of the following are true - * `load_balancing_scheme` is set to INTERNAL_MANAGED * `protocol` is set to HTTP, HTTPS, or HTTP2 * `locality_lb_policy` is set to MAGLEV or RING_HASH .
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional description of this resource.
- `enable_cdn` (Boolean) If true, enable Cloud CDN for this RegionBackendService.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `failover_policy` (String) Policy for failovers.
- `health_checks` (String) The set of URLs to HealthCheck resources for health checking this RegionBackendService. Currently at most one health check can be specified. A health check must be specified unless the backend service uses an internet or serverless NEG as a backend.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `load_balancing_scheme` (String) Indicates what kind of load balancing this regional backend service will be used for. A backend service created for one type of load balancing cannot be used with the other(s). Some valid choices include: "EXTERNAL", "INTERNAL", "INTERNAL_MANAGED"
- `locality_lb_policy` (String) The load balancing algorithm used within the scope of the locality. The possible values are - * ROUND_ROBIN - This is a simple policy in which each healthy backend is selected in round robin order. * LEAST_REQUEST - An algorithm which selects two random healthy hosts and picks the host which has fewer active requests. * RING_HASH - The ring/modulo hash load balancer implements consistent hashing to backends. The algorithm has the property that the addition/removal of a host from a set of N hosts only affects 1/N of the requests. * RANDOM - The load balancer selects a random healthy host. * ORIGINAL_DESTINATION - Backend host is selected based on the client connection metadata, i.e., connections are opened to the same address as the destination address of the incoming connection before the connection was redirected to the load balancer. * MAGLEV - used as a drop in replacement for the ring hash load balancer. Maglev is not as stable as ring hash but has faster table lookup build times and host selection times. For more information about Maglev, refer to https://ai.google/research/pubs/pub44824 This field is applicable only when the `load_balancing_scheme` is set to INTERNAL_MANAGED and the `protocol` is set to HTTP, HTTPS, or HTTP2. Some valid choices include: "ROUND_ROBIN", "LEAST_REQUEST", "RING_HASH", "RANDOM", "ORIGINAL_DESTINATION", "MAGLEV"
- `log_config` (String) This field denotes the logging options for the load balancer traffic served by this backend service. If logging is enabled, logs will be exported to Stackdriver.
- `network` (String) The URL of the network to which this backend service belongs. This field can only be specified when the load balancing scheme is set to INTERNAL. This field represents a link to a Network resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_network task and then set this network field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `outlier_detection` (String) Settings controlling eviction of unhealthy hosts from the load balancing pool. This field is applicable only when the `load_balancing_scheme` is set to INTERNAL_MANAGED and the `protocol` is set to HTTP, HTTPS, or HTTP2.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port_name` (String) A named port on a backend instance group representing the port for communication to the backend VMs in that group. Required when the loadBalancingScheme is EXTERNAL, INTERNAL_MANAGED, or INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED and the backends are instance groups. The named port must be defined on each backend instance group. This parameter has no meaning if the backends are NEGs. API sets a default of "http" if not given. Must be omitted when the loadBalancingScheme is INTERNAL (Internal TCP/UDP Load Balancing).
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol this RegionBackendService uses to communicate with backends. The default is HTTP. **NOTE**: HTTP2 is only valid for beta HTTP/2 load balancer types and may result in errors if used with the GA API. Some valid choices include: "HTTP", "HTTPS", "HTTP2", "SSL", "TCP", "UDP", "GRPC"
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `session_affinity` (String) Type of session affinity to use. The default is NONE. Session affinity is not applicable if the protocol is UDP. Some valid choices include: "NONE", "CLIENT_IP", "CLIENT_IP_PORT_PROTO", "CLIENT_IP_PROTO", "GENERATED_COOKIE", "HEADER_FIELD", "HTTP_COOKIE"
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timeout_sec` (Number) How many seconds to wait for the backend before considering it a failed request. Default is 30 seconds. Valid range is [1, 86400].
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `affinityCookieTtlSec` (Number) Lifetime of cookies in seconds if session_affinity is GENERATED_COOKIE. If set to 0, the cookie is non-persistent and lasts only until the end of the browser session (or equivalent). The maximum allowed value for TTL is one day. When the load balancing scheme is INTERNAL, this field is not used.
- `cdnPolicy` (String) Cloud CDN configuration for this BackendService.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `circuitBreakers` (String) Settings controlling the volume of connections to a backend service. This field is applicable only when the `load_balancing_scheme` is set to INTERNAL_MANAGED and the `protocol` is set to HTTP, HTTPS, or HTTP2.
- `connectionDraining` (String) Settings for connection draining .
- `consistentHash` (String) Consistent Hash-based load balancing can be used to provide soft session affinity based on HTTP headers, cookies or other properties. This load balancing policy is applicable only for HTTP connections. The affinity to a particular destination host will be lost when one or more hosts are added/removed from the destination service. This field specifies parameters that control consistent hashing. This field only applies when all of the following are true - * `load_balancing_scheme` is set to INTERNAL_MANAGED * `protocol` is set to HTTP, HTTPS, or HTTP2 * `locality_lb_policy` is set to MAGLEV or RING_HASH .
- `creationTimestamp` (String) Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `enableCDN` (Boolean) If true, enable Cloud CDN for this RegionBackendService.
- `failoverPolicy` (String) Policy for failovers.
- `fingerprint` (String) Fingerprint of this resource. A hash of the contents stored in this object. This field is used in optimistic locking.
- `healthChecks` (String) The set of URLs to HealthCheck resources for health checking this RegionBackendService. Currently at most one health check can be specified. A health check must be specified unless the backend service uses an internet or serverless NEG as a backend.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `loadBalancingScheme` (String) Indicates what kind of load balancing this regional backend service will be used for. A backend service created for one type of load balancing cannot be used with the other(s).
- `localityLbPolicy` (String) The load balancing algorithm used within the scope of the locality. The possible values are - * ROUND_ROBIN - This is a simple policy in which each healthy backend is selected in round robin order. * LEAST_REQUEST - An algorithm which selects two random healthy hosts and picks the host which has fewer active requests. * RING_HASH - The ring/modulo hash load balancer implements consistent hashing to backends. The algorithm has the property that the addition/removal of a host from a set of N hosts only affects 1/N of the requests. * RANDOM - The load balancer selects a random healthy host. * ORIGINAL_DESTINATION - Backend host is selected based on the client connection metadata, i.e., connections are opened to the same address as the destination address of the incoming connection before the connection was redirected to the load balancer. * MAGLEV - used as a drop in replacement for the ring hash load balancer. Maglev is not as stable as ring hash but has faster table lookup build times and host selection times. For more information about Maglev, refer to https://ai.google/research/pubs/pub44824 This field is applicable only when the `load_balancing_scheme` is set to INTERNAL_MANAGED and the `protocol` is set to HTTP, HTTPS, or HTTP2.
- `logConfig` (String) This field denotes the logging options for the load balancer traffic served by this backend service. If logging is enabled, logs will be exported to Stackdriver.
- `outlierDetection` (String) Settings controlling eviction of unhealthy hosts from the load balancing pool. This field is applicable only when the `load_balancing_scheme` is set to INTERNAL_MANAGED and the `protocol` is set to HTTP, HTTPS, or HTTP2.
- `portName` (String) A named port on a backend instance group representing the port for communication to the backend VMs in that group. Required when the loadBalancingScheme is EXTERNAL, INTERNAL_MANAGED, or INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED and the backends are instance groups. The named port must be defined on each backend instance group. This parameter has no meaning if the backends are NEGs. API sets a default of "http" if not given. Must be omitted when the loadBalancingScheme is INTERNAL (Internal TCP/UDP Load Balancing).
- `sessionAffinity` (String) Type of session affinity to use. The default is NONE. Session affinity is not applicable if the protocol is UDP.
- `timeoutSec` (Number) How many seconds to wait for the backend before considering it a failed request. Default is 30 seconds. Valid range is [1, 86400].
