---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_address Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_address (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the resource. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.
- `region` (String) URL of the region where the regional address resides. This field is not applicable to global addresses.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `address` (String) The static external IP address represented by this resource. Only IPv4 is supported. An address may only be specified for INTERNAL address types. The IP address must be inside the specified subnetwork, if any.
- `address_type` (String) The type of address to reserve. Some valid choices include: "INTERNAL", "EXTERNAL"
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional description of this resource.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `network` (String) The URL of the network in which to reserve the address. This field can only be used with INTERNAL type with the VPC_PEERING and IPSEC_INTERCONNECT purposes. This field represents a link to a Network resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_network task and then set this network field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `network_tier` (String) The networking tier used for configuring this address. If this field is not specified, it is assumed to be PREMIUM. Some valid choices include: "PREMIUM", "STANDARD"
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prefix_length` (Number) The prefix length if the resource represents an IP range.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `purpose` (String) The purpose of this resource, which can be one of the following values: * GCE_ENDPOINT for addresses that are used by VM instances, alias IP ranges, internal load balancers, and similar resources. * SHARED_LOADBALANCER_VIP for an address that can be used by multiple internal load balancers. * VPC_PEERING for addresses that are reserved for VPC peer networks. * IPSEC_INTERCONNECT for addresses created from a private IP range that are reserved for a VLAN attachment in an IPsec-encrypted Cloud Interconnect configuration. These addresses are regional resources. This should only be set when using an Internal address.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `subnetwork` (String) The URL of the subnetwork in which to reserve the address. If an IP address is specified, it must be within the subnetwork's IP range. This field can only be used with INTERNAL type with GCE_ENDPOINT/DNS_RESOLVER purposes. This field represents a link to a Subnetwork resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_subnetwork task and then set this subnetwork field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `addressType` (String) The type of address to reserve.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creationTimestamp` (String) Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `networkTier` (String) The networking tier used for configuring this address. If this field is not specified, it is assumed to be PREMIUM.
- `prefixLength` (Number) The prefix length if the resource represents an IP range.
- `status` (String) The status of the address, which can be one of RESERVING, RESERVED, or IN_USE. An address that is RESERVING is currently in the process of being reserved. A RESERVED address is currently reserved and available to use. An IN_USE address is currently being used by another resource and is not available.
- `users` (String) The URLs of the resources that are using this address.
