---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_storage_bucket Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_storage_bucket (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `acl` (String) Access controls on the bucket.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cors` (String) The bucket's Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) configuration.
- `default_event_based_hold` (Boolean) Whether or not to automatically apply an eventBasedHold to new objects added to the bucket.
- `default_object_acl` (String) Default access controls to apply to new objects when no ACL is provided.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `iam_configuration` (String) IAM configuration for the storage bucket.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) Labels applied to this bucket. A list of key->value pairs.
- `lifecycle` (String) The bucket's lifecycle configuration. See https://developers.google.com/storage/docs/lifecycle for more information.
- `location` (String) The location of the bucket. Object data for objects in the bucket resides in physical storage within this region. Defaults to US. See the developer's guide for the authoritative list.
- `logging` (String) The bucket's logging configuration, which defines the destination bucket and optional name prefix for the current bucket's logs.
- `metageneration` (Number) The metadata generation of this bucket.
- `name` (String) The name of the bucket.
- `owner` (String) The owner of the bucket. This is always the project team's owner group.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `predefined_default_object_acl` (String) Apply a predefined set of default object access controls to this bucket. Acceptable values are: - "authenticatedRead": Object owner gets OWNER access, and allAuthenticatedUsers get READER access. - "bucketOwnerFullControl": Object owner gets OWNER access, and project team owners get OWNER access. - "bucketOwnerRead": Object owner gets OWNER access, and project team owners get READER access. - "private": Object owner gets OWNER access. - "projectPrivate": Object owner gets OWNER access, and project team members get access according to their roles. - "publicRead": Object owner gets OWNER access, and allUsers get READER access. Some valid choices include: "authenticatedRead", "bucketOwnerFullControl", "bucketOwnerRead", "private", "projectPrivate", "publicRead"
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `storage_class` (String) The bucket's default storage class, used whenever no storageClass is specified for a newly-created object. This defines how objects in the bucket are stored and determines the SLA and the cost of storage. Values include MULTI_REGIONAL, REGIONAL, STANDARD, NEARLINE, COLDLINE, ARCHIVE, and DURABLE_REDUCED_AVAILABILITY. If this value is not specified when the bucket is created, it will default to STANDARD. For more information, see storage classes. Some valid choices include: "MULTI_REGIONAL", "REGIONAL", "STANDARD", "NEARLINE", "COLDLINE", "ARCHIVE", "DURABLE_REDUCED_AVAILABILITY"
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `versioning` (String) The bucket's versioning configuration.
- `website` (String) The bucket's website configuration, controlling how the service behaves when accessing bucket contents as a web site. See the Static Website Examples for more information.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `defaultEventBasedHold` (Boolean) Whether or not to automatically apply an eventBasedHold to new objects added to the bucket.
- `defaultObjectAcl` (String) Default access controls to apply to new objects when no ACL is provided.
- `iamConfiguration` (String) IAM configuration for the storage bucket.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `predefinedDefaultObjectAcl` (String) Apply a predefined set of default object access controls to this bucket. Acceptable values are: - "authenticatedRead": Object owner gets OWNER access, and allAuthenticatedUsers get READER access. - "bucketOwnerFullControl": Object owner gets OWNER access, and project team owners get OWNER access. - "bucketOwnerRead": Object owner gets OWNER access, and project team owners get READER access. - "private": Object owner gets OWNER access. - "projectPrivate": Object owner gets OWNER access, and project team members get access according to their roles. - "publicRead": Object owner gets OWNER access, and allUsers get READER access.
- `projectNumber` (String) The project number of the project the bucket belongs to.
- `storageClass` (String) The bucket's default storage class, used whenever no storageClass is specified for a newly-created object. This defines how objects in the bucket are stored and determines the SLA and the cost of storage. Values include MULTI_REGIONAL, REGIONAL, STANDARD, NEARLINE, COLDLINE, ARCHIVE, and DURABLE_REDUCED_AVAILABILITY. If this value is not specified when the bucket is created, it will default to STANDARD. For more information, see storage classes.
- `timeCreated` (String) The creation time of the bucket in RFC 3339 format.
- `updated` (String) The modification time of the bucket in RFC 3339 format.
