---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_global_address Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_global_address (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `address` (String) The static external IP address represented by this resource.
- `address_type` (String) The type of the address to reserve. * EXTERNAL indicates public/external single IP address. * INTERNAL indicates internal IP ranges belonging to some network. Some valid choices include: "EXTERNAL", "INTERNAL"
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional description of this resource.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_version` (String) The IP Version that will be used by this address. The default value is `IPV4`. Some valid choices include: "IPV4", "IPV6"
- `network` (String) The URL of the network in which to reserve the IP range. The IP range must be in RFC1918 space. The network cannot be deleted if there are any reserved IP ranges referring to it. This should only be set when using an Internal address. This field represents a link to a Network resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_network task and then set this network field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prefix_length` (Number) The prefix length of the IP range. If not present, it means the address field is a single IP address. This field is not applicable to addresses with addressType=EXTERNAL, or addressType=INTERNAL when purpose=PRIVATE_SERVICE_CONNECT .
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `purpose` (String) The purpose of the resource. Possible values include: * VPC_PEERING - for peer networks * PRIVATE_SERVICE_CONNECT - for ([Beta](https://terraform.io/docs/providers/google/guides/provider_versions.html) only) Private Service Connect networks .
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `addressType` (String) The type of the address to reserve. * EXTERNAL indicates public/external single IP address. * INTERNAL indicates internal IP ranges belonging to some network.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creationTimestamp` (String) Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `ipVersion` (String) The IP Version that will be used by this address. The default value is `IPV4`.
- `prefixLength` (Number) The prefix length of the IP range. If not present, it means the address field is a single IP address. This field is not applicable to addresses with addressType=EXTERNAL, or addressType=INTERNAL when purpose=PRIVATE_SERVICE_CONNECT .
- `region` (String) A reference to the region where the regional address resides.
