---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_vpn_tunnel Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_compute_vpn_tunnel (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the resource. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.
- `region` (String) The region where the tunnel is located.
- `shared_secret` (String) Shared secret used to set the secure session between the Cloud VPN gateway and the peer VPN gateway.

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) An optional description of this resource.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ike_version` (Number) IKE protocol version to use when establishing the VPN tunnel with peer VPN gateway. Acceptable IKE versions are 1 or 2. Default version is 2.
- `local_traffic_selector` (String) Local traffic selector to use when establishing the VPN tunnel with peer VPN gateway. The value should be a CIDR formatted string, for example `192.168.0.0/16`. The ranges should be disjoint. Only IPv4 is supported.
- `peer_external_gateway` (String) URL of the peer side external VPN gateway to which this VPN tunnel is connected. This field represents a link to a ExternalVpnGateway resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_external_vpn_gateway task and then set this peer_external_gateway field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `peer_external_gateway_interface` (Number) The interface ID of the external VPN gateway to which this VPN tunnel is connected.
- `peer_gcp_gateway` (String) URL of the peer side HA GCP VPN gateway to which this VPN tunnel is connected. If provided, the VPN tunnel will automatically use the same vpn_gateway_interface ID in the peer GCP VPN gateway. This field represents a link to a VpnGateway resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_vpn_gateway task and then set this peer_gcp_gateway field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `peer_ip` (String) IP address of the peer VPN gateway. Only IPv4 is supported.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `remote_traffic_selector` (String) Remote traffic selector to use when establishing the VPN tunnel with peer VPN gateway. The value should be a CIDR formatted string, for example `192.168.0.0/16`. The ranges should be disjoint. Only IPv4 is supported.
- `router` (String) URL of router resource to be used for dynamic routing. This field represents a link to a Router resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_router task and then set this router field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_vpn_gateway` (String) URL of the Target VPN gateway with which this VPN tunnel is associated. This field represents a link to a TargetVpnGateway resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_target_vpn_gateway task and then set this target_vpn_gateway field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vpn_gateway` (String) URL of the VPN gateway with which this VPN tunnel is associated. This must be used if a High Availability VPN gateway resource is created. This field represents a link to a VpnGateway resource in GCP. It can be specified in two ways. First, you can place a dictionary with key 'selfLink' and value of your resource's selfLink Alternatively, you can add `register: name-of-resource` to a gcp_compute_vpn_gateway task and then set this vpn_gateway field to "{{ name-of-resource }}"
- `vpn_gateway_interface` (Number) The interface ID of the VPN gateway with which this VPN tunnel is associated.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creationTimestamp` (String) Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `ikeVersion` (Number) IKE protocol version to use when establishing the VPN tunnel with peer VPN gateway. Acceptable IKE versions are 1 or 2. Default version is 2.
- `localTrafficSelector` (String) Local traffic selector to use when establishing the VPN tunnel with peer VPN gateway. The value should be a CIDR formatted string, for example `192.168.0.0/16`. The ranges should be disjoint. Only IPv4 is supported.
- `peerExternalGateway` (String) URL of the peer side external VPN gateway to which this VPN tunnel is connected.
- `peerExternalGatewayInterface` (Number) The interface ID of the external VPN gateway to which this VPN tunnel is connected.
- `peerGcpGateway` (String) URL of the peer side HA GCP VPN gateway to which this VPN tunnel is connected. If provided, the VPN tunnel will automatically use the same vpn_gateway_interface ID in the peer GCP VPN gateway.
- `peerIp` (String) IP address of the peer VPN gateway. Only IPv4 is supported.
- `remoteTrafficSelector` (String) Remote traffic selector to use when establishing the VPN tunnel with peer VPN gateway. The value should be a CIDR formatted string, for example `192.168.0.0/16`. The ranges should be disjoint. Only IPv4 is supported.
- `sharedSecret` (String) Shared secret used to set the secure session between the Cloud VPN gateway and the peer VPN gateway.
- `sharedSecretHash` (String) Hash of the shared secret.
- `targetVpnGateway` (String) URL of the Target VPN gateway with which this VPN tunnel is associated.
- `vpnGateway` (String) URL of the VPN gateway with which this VPN tunnel is associated. This must be used if a High Availability VPN gateway resource is created.
- `vpnGatewayInterface` (Number) The interface ID of the VPN gateway with which this VPN tunnel is associated.
