---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_cloudscheduler_job Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_cloudscheduler_job (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the job.
- `region` (String) Region where the scheduler job resides .

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `app_engine_http_target` (String) App Engine HTTP target. If the job providers a App Engine HTTP target the cron will send a request to the service instance .
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attempt_deadline` (String) The deadline for job attempts. If the request handler does not respond by this deadline then the request is cancelled and the attempt is marked as a DEADLINE_EXCEEDED failure. The failed attempt can be viewed in execution logs. Cloud Scheduler will retry the job according to the RetryConfig. The allowed duration for this deadline is: * For HTTP targets, between 15 seconds and 30 minutes. * For App Engine HTTP targets, between 15 seconds and 24 hours. * **Note**: For PubSub targets, this field is ignored - setting it will introduce an unresolvable diff. A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, terminated by 's'. Example: "3.5s" .
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A human-readable description for the job. This string must not contain more than 500 characters.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `http_target` (String) HTTP target. If the job providers a http_target the cron will send a request to the targeted url .
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `pubsub_target` (String) Pub/Sub target If the job providers a Pub/Sub target the cron will publish a message to the provided topic .
- `retry_config` (String) By default, if a job does not complete successfully, meaning that an acknowledgement is not received from the handler, then it will be retried with exponential backoff according to the settings .
- `schedule` (String) Describes the schedule on which the job will be executed.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `time_zone` (String) Specifies the time zone to be used in interpreting schedule. The value of this field must be a time zone name from the tz database.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `appEngineHttpTarget` (String) App Engine HTTP target. If the job providers a App Engine HTTP target the cron will send a request to the service instance .
- `attemptDeadline` (String) The deadline for job attempts. If the request handler does not respond by this deadline then the request is cancelled and the attempt is marked as a DEADLINE_EXCEEDED failure. The failed attempt can be viewed in execution logs. Cloud Scheduler will retry the job according to the RetryConfig. The allowed duration for this deadline is: * For HTTP targets, between 15 seconds and 30 minutes. * For App Engine HTTP targets, between 15 seconds and 24 hours. * **Note**: For PubSub targets, this field is ignored - setting it will introduce an unresolvable diff. A duration in seconds with up to nine fractional digits, terminated by 's'. Example: "3.5s" .
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `httpTarget` (String) HTTP target. If the job providers a http_target the cron will send a request to the targeted url .
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `pubsubTarget` (String) Pub/Sub target If the job providers a Pub/Sub target the cron will publish a message to the provided topic .
- `retryConfig` (String) By default, if a job does not complete successfully, meaning that an acknowledgement is not received from the handler, then it will be retried with exponential backoff according to the settings .
- `timeZone` (String) Specifies the time zone to be used in interpreting schedule. The value of this field must be a time zone name from the tz database.
