---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_google_cloud_gcp_bigquery_table Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_google_cloud_gcp_bigquery_table (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_kind` (String) The type of credential used.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) An OAuth2 access token if credential type is accesstoken.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clustering` (String) One or more fields on which data should be clustered. Only top-level, non-repeated, simple-type fields are supported. When you cluster a table using multiple columns, the order of columns you specify is important. The order of the specified columns determines the sort order of the data.
- `dataset` (String) Name of the dataset.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A user-friendly description of the dataset.
- `encryption_configuration` (String) Custom encryption configuration.
- `env_type` (String) Specifies which Ansible environment you're running this module within. This should not be set unless you know what you're doing. This only alters the User Agent string for any API requests.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `expiration_time` (Number) The time when this table expires, in milliseconds since the epoch. If not present, the table will persist indefinitely.
- `external_data_configuration` (String) Describes the data format, location, and other properties of a table stored outside of BigQuery. By defining these properties, the data source can then be queried as if it were a standard BigQuery table.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `friendly_name` (String) A descriptive name for this table.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) The labels associated with this dataset. You can use these to organize and group your datasets .
- `name` (String) Name of the table.
- `num_rows` (Number) The number of rows of data in this table, excluding any data in the streaming buffer.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) The Google Cloud Platform project to use.
- `schema` (String) Describes the schema of this table.
- `scopes` (String) Array of scopes to be used
- `service_account_contents` (String) The contents of a Service Account JSON file, either in a dictionary or as a JSON string that represents it.
- `service_account_email` (String) An optional service account email address if machineaccount is selected and the user does not wish to use the default email.
- `service_account_file` (String) The path of a Service Account JSON file if serviceaccount is selected as type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the given object should exist in GCP
- `table_reference` (String) Reference describing the ID of this table.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `time_partitioning` (String) If specified, configures time-based partitioning for this table.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `view` (String) The view definition.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `creationTime` (Number) The time when this dataset was created, in milliseconds since the epoch.
- `encryptionConfiguration` (String) Custom encryption configuration.
- `expirationTime` (Number) The time when this table expires, in milliseconds since the epoch. If not present, the table will persist indefinitely.
- `externalDataConfiguration` (String) Describes the data format, location, and other properties of a table stored outside of BigQuery. By defining these properties, the data source can then be queried as if it were a standard BigQuery table.
- `friendlyName` (String) A descriptive name for this table.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `lastModifiedTime` (Number) The time when this table was last modified, in milliseconds since the epoch.
- `location` (String) The geographic location where the table resides. This value is inherited from the dataset.
- `numBytes` (Number) The size of this table in bytes, excluding any data in the streaming buffer.
- `numLongTermBytes` (Number) The number of bytes in the table that are considered "long-term storage".
- `numRows` (Number) The number of rows of data in this table, excluding any data in the streaming buffer.
- `requirePartitionFilter` (Boolean) If set to true, queries over this table require a partition filter that can be used for partition elimination to be specified.
- `streamingBuffer` (String) Contains information regarding this table's streaming buffer, if one is present. This field will be absent if the table is not being streamed to or if there is no data in the streaming buffer.
- `tableReference` (String) Reference describing the ID of this table.
- `timePartitioning` (String) If specified, configures time-based partitioning for this table.
- `type` (String) Describes the table type.
