---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_grafana_grafana_alert_notification_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_grafana_grafana_alert_notification_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `grafana_api_key` (String) Grafana API Key used to authenticate with Grafana.
- `grafana_url` (String) URL of the Grafana instance.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `routes` (String) List of objects Sets the Route that contains definitions of how to handle alerts.

### Optional

- `Continue` (Boolean) Continue matching subsequent sibling nodes if set to `true`.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `groupByStr` (String) List of string. Group alerts when you receive a notification based on labels. If empty it will be inherited from the parent policy.
- `groupInterval` (String) Sets the wait time to send a batch of new alerts for that group after the first notification was sent. Inherited from the parent policy if empty.
- `groupWait` (String) Sets the wait time until the initial notification is sent for a new group created by an incoming alert. Inherited from the parent policy if empty.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `muteTimeIntervals` (String) List of string. Sets the mute timing for the notfification policy.
- `objectMatchers` (String) Matchers is a slice of Matchers that is sortable, implements Stringer, and provides a Matches method to match a LabelSet.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `repeatInterval` (String) Sets the waiting time to resend an alert after they have successfully been sent.
- `rootPolicyReceiver` (String) Sets the name of the contact point to be set as the default receiver.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `output` (String) Dict object containing Notification tree information.
