---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_hetzner_hcloud_load_balancer_target Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_hetzner_hcloud_load_balancer_target (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `load_balancer` (String) Name or ID of the Hetzner Cloud Load Balancer.
- `type` (String) The type of the target.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip` (String) An IP from a Hetzner Dedicated Server, needs to belongs to the same user as the project. Required if *type* is ip
- `label_selector` (String) A Label Selector that will be used to determine the targets dynamically Required if *type* is label_selector
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `server` (String) Name or ID of the Hetzner Cloud Server. Required if *type* is server
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the load_balancer_network.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_private_ip` (Boolean) Route the traffic over the private IP of the Load Balancer through a Hetzner Cloud Network. Load Balancer needs to be attached to a network. See `hetzner.hcloud.load_balancer_network`

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `hcloud_load_balancer_target` (String) The relationship between a Load Balancer and a network
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
