---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_hetzner_hcloud_storage_box_snapshot Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_hetzner_hcloud_storage_box_snapshot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `storage_box` (String) ID or Name of the parent Storage Box. Using the ID is preferred, to reduce the amount of API requests.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the Storage Box Snapshot.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) User-defined labels (key-value pairs) for the Storage Box Snapshot.
- `name` (String) Name of the Storage Box Snapshot to manage. Storage Box Snapshot names are defined by the API and cannot be changed. Required when updating or deleting and if no Storage Box Snapshot `id` is given.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the Storage Box Snapshot.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `hcloud_storage_box_snapshot` (String) Details about the Storage Box Snapshot.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
