---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_hetzner_hcloud_primary_ip Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_hetzner_hcloud_primary_ip (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_delete` (Boolean) Delete the Primary IP when the resource it is assigned to is deleted.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datacenter` (String) **Deprecated:** The `datacenter` argument is deprecated and will be removed after 1 July 2026. Please use the `location` argument instead. See https://docs.hetzner.cloud/changelog#2025-12-16-phasing-out-datacenters. Home Location of the Hetzner Cloud Primary IP. Required if no `server` or `location` is given and Primary IP does not exist.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_protection` (Boolean) Protect the Primary IP for deletion.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) User-defined labels (key-value pairs).
- `location` (String) ID or name of the Location the Hetzner Cloud Primary IP will be bound to. Required if no `server` or `datacenter` is given and Primary IP does not exist.
- `name` (String) The Name of the Hetzner Cloud Primary IPs to manage. Only required if no Primary IP `id` is given or a Primary IP does not exist.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `server` (String) Name or ID of the Hetzner Cloud Server the Primary IP should be assigned to. The Primary IP cannot be assigned to a running server. Required if no `datacenter` is given and the Primary IP does not exist.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the Primary IP.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Type of the Primary IP. Required if Primary IP does not exist

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `hcloud_primary_ip` (String) The Primary IP instance
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
