---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_hetzner_hcloud_certificate Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_hetzner_hcloud_certificate (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `certificate` (String) Certificate and chain in PEM format, in order so that each record directly certifies the one preceding. Required if certificate does not exist and *type=uploaded*.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain_names` (String) Domains and subdomains that should be contained in the Certificate issued by Let's Encrypt. Required if *type=managed*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) User-defined labels (key-value pairs)
- `name` (String) The Name of the Hetzner Cloud certificate to manage. Only required if no certificate *id* is given or a certificate does not exist.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_key` (String) Certificate key in PEM format. Required if certificate does not exist and *type=uploaded*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the certificate.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Choose between uploading a Certificate in PEM format or requesting a managed Let's Encrypt Certificate.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `hcloud_certificate` (String) The certificate instance
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
