---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_hetzner_hcloud_load_balancer_service Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_hetzner_hcloud_load_balancer_service (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `listen_port` (Number) The port the service listens on, i.e. the port users can connect to.
- `load_balancer` (String) Name or ID of the Hetzner Cloud Load Balancer the service belongs to

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `destination_port` (Number) The port traffic is forwarded to, i.e. the port the targets are listening and accepting connections on. Required if services does not exist and protocol is tcp.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `health_check` (String) Configuration for health checks
- `http` (String) Configuration for HTTP and HTTPS services
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol of the service. Required if Load Balancer does not exist.
- `proxyprotocol` (Boolean) Enable the PROXY protocol.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the Load Balancer.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `hcloud_load_balancer_service` (String) The Load Balancer service instance
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
