---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_hetzner_hcloud_storage_box Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_hetzner_hcloud_storage_box (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `access_settings` (String) Access settings of the Storage Box.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_protection` (Boolean) Protect the Storage Box from deletion.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) User-defined labels (key-value pairs) for the Storage Box.
- `location` (String) Name or ID of the Location for the Storage Box. Required if the Storage Box does not exist.
- `name` (String) Name of the Storage Box to manage. Required if no Storage Box `id` is given. Required if the Storage Box does not exist.
- `password` (String) Password for the Storage Box. Required if the Storage Box does not exist.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot` (String) Snapshot ID or Name to rollback to. Only used when `state=rollback_snapshot`
- `snapshot_plan` (String) Snapshot plan of the Storage Box. Use null to disabled the snapshot plan.
- `ssh_keys` (String) SSH public keys in OpenSSH format to inject into the Storage Box.
- `state` (String) State of the Storage Box. `reset_password` and `rollback_snapshot` are not idempotent.
- `storage_box_type` (String) Name or ID of the Storage Box Type for the Storage Box. Required if the Storage Box does not exist.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `hcloud_storage_box` (String) Details about the Storage Box.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
