---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_hetzner_hcloud_zone_rrset Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_hetzner_hcloud_zone_rrset (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `zone` (String) Name or ID of the parent Zone.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `change_protection` (Boolean) Protect the Zone RRSet from changes (deletion and updates).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) User-defined key-value pairs.
- `name` (String) Name of the Zone RRSet to manage. Only required if no Zone RRSet `id` is given or the Zone RRSet does not exist.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `records` (String) Records of the Zone RRSet.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the Zone RRSet.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `ttl` (Number) TTL of the Zone RRSet.
- `type` (String) Type of the Zone RRSet to manage. Only required if no Zone RRSet `id` is given or the Zone RRSet does not exist.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `hcloud_zone_rrset` (String) Zone RRSet instance.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
