---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_hetzner_hcloud_server Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_hetzner_hcloud_server (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backups` (Boolean) Enable or disable Backups for the given Server.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datacenter` (String) **Deprecated:** The `datacenter` argument is deprecated and will be removed after 1 July 2026. Please use the `location` argument instead. See https://docs.hetzner.cloud/changelog#2025-12-16-phasing-out-datacenters. Hetzner Cloud Datacenter (name or ID) to create the server in. Required if no `location` is given and the server does not exist. Only used during the server creation.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_protection` (Boolean) Protect the Server for deletion. Needs to be the same as `rebuild_protection`.
- `enable_ipv4` (Boolean) Enables the public ipv4 address.
- `enable_ipv6` (Boolean) Enables the public ipv6 address.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `firewalls` (String) List of Hetzner Cloud Firewalls (name or ID) that should be attached to the server.
- `force` (Boolean) Force the update of the server. May power off the server if update is applied.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `image` (String) Hetzner Cloud Image (name or ID) to create the server from. Required if server does not exist or when `state=rebuild`.
- `image_allow_deprecated` (Boolean) Allows the creation of servers with deprecated images.
- `ipv4` (String) Hetzner Cloud Primary IPv4 (name or ID) to use. If omitted and `enable_ipv4=true`, a new ipv4 Primary IP will automatically be created.
- `ipv6` (String) Hetzner Cloud Primary IPv6 (name or ID) to use. If omitted and `enable_ipv6=true`, a new ipv6 Primary IP will automatically be created.
- `labels` (String) User-defined labels (key-value pairs).
- `location` (String) Hetzner Cloud Location (name or ID) to create the server in. Required if the server does not exist. Only used during the server creation.
- `name` (String) Name of the Hetzner Cloud Server to manage. Only required if no server `id` is given or a server does not exist.
- `placement_group` (String) Hetzner Cloud Placement Group (name or ID) to create the server in.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_networks` (String) List of Hetzner Cloud Networks (name or ID) the server should be attached to. If None, private networks are left as they are (e.g. if previously added by hcloud_server_network), if it has any other value (including []), only those networks are attached to the server.
- `rebuild_protection` (Boolean) Protect the Server for rebuild. Needs to be the same as `delete_protection`.
- `rescue_mode` (String) Add the Hetzner rescue system type you want the server to be booted into.
- `server_type` (String) Hetzner Cloud Server Type (name or ID) of the server. Required if server does not exist.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssh_keys` (String) List of Hetzner Cloud SSH Keys (name or ID) to create the server with. Only used during the server creation.
- `state` (String) State of the server.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `upgrade_disk` (Boolean) Resize the disk size, when resizing a server. If you want to downgrade the server later, this value should be False.
- `user_data` (String) User Data to be passed to the server on creation. `cloud-init`, `ignition` or similar provisioning tools may retrieve user configuration from the Server's `user_data`. Used during the server creation or server rebuild.
- `volumes` (String) List of Hetzner Cloud Volumes (name or ID) that should be attached to the server. Only used during the server creation.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `hcloud_server` (String) The server instance
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `root_password` (String) Root password for the server
