---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_hetzner_hcloud_load_balancer Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_hetzner_hcloud_load_balancer (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `algorithm` (String) Algorithm of the Load Balancer.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_protection` (Boolean) Protect the Load Balancer for deletion.
- `disable_public_interface` (Boolean) Disables the public interface.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `labels` (String) User-defined labels (key-value pairs).
- `load_balancer_type` (String) The Load Balancer Type of the Hetzner Cloud Load Balancer to manage. Required if Load Balancer does not exist.
- `location` (String) Location of Load Balancer. Required if no *network_zone* is given and Load Balancer does not exist.
- `name` (String) The Name of the Hetzner Cloud Load Balancer to manage. Only required if no Load Balancer *id* is given or a Load Balancer does not exist.
- `network_zone` (String) Network Zone of Load Balancer. Required of no *location* is given and Load Balancer does not exist.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the Load Balancer.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `hcloud_load_balancer` (String) The Load Balancer instance
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
