---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_svc_mdiskgrp Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_svc_mdiskgrp (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `clustername` (String) The hostname or management IP of the Storage Virtualize system.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name to assign to the new pool.
- `state` (String) Creates (`present`) or removes (`absent`) an MDisk group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datareduction` (String) Defines use of data reduction pools (DRPs) on the MDisk group. Applies when *state=present*, to create a pool.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) Domain for the Storage Virtualize system. Valid when hostname is used for the parameter *clustername*.
- `easytier` (String) Defines use of easytier with the MDisk group. Applies when *state=present*, to create a pool.
- `encrypt` (String) Defines use of encryption with the MDisk group. Applies when *state=present*, to create a pool.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `etfcmoverallocationmax` (String) Specifies the maximum over allocation which Easy Tier can migrate onto FlashCore Module arrays, when the array is used as the top tier in a multitier pool. The value acts as a multiplier of the physically available space. The allowed values are a percentage in the range of 100% (default) to 400% or off. Setting the value to off disables this feature. Applies when *state=present*.
- `ext` (Number) Specifies the size of the extents for this group in MB. Applies when *state=present*, to create a pool.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `log_path` (String) Path of debug log file.
- `noownershipgroup` (Boolean) Specifies to unmap ownershipgroup from the pool. Applies when *state=present* to modify an existing pool.
- `noprovisioningpolicy` (Boolean) Specify to unmap provisioning policy from the pool. Applies, when *state=present* to modify an existing pool.
- `noquota` (Boolean) Specify to create a data reduction child pool. *noquota* and *size* parameters are mutually exclusive. *noquota* parameter must be used with *datareduction* set to yes to create a data reduction child pool. *noquota* parameter must be used with *parentmdiskgrp* in a parent data reduction storage pool.
- `old_name` (String) Specifies the old name of an existing pool. Applies when *state=present*, to rename the existing pool.
- `ownershipgroup` (String) Specifies the name of the ownershipgroup to map it with the pool. Applies when *state=present*.
- `parentmdiskgrp` (String) Parentmdiskgrp for subpool. Applies when *state=present*, to create a pool.
- `password` (String) REST API password for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `provisioningpolicy` (String) Specify the name of the provisioning policy to map it with the pool. Applies, when *state=present*.
- `replication_partner_clusterid` (String) Specifies the id or name of the partner cluster for setting replication pool linked systems mask. Applies, when *state=present*. Supported in SV build 8.5.2.1 or later.
- `replicationpoollinkuid` (String) Specifies the replication pool unique identifier which should be same as the pool that present in the replication server. Applies, when *state=present*. Supported in SV build 8.5.2.1 or later.
- `resetreplicationpoollinkuid` (Boolean) If set, any links between this pool on local system and pools on remote systems will be removed. Applies, when *state=present* to modify an existing pool. Supported in SV build 8.5.2.1 or later.
- `safeguarded` (Boolean) Specify to create a safeguarded child pool. Applicable only during child pool creation.
- `size` (Number) Specifies the child pool capacity. The value must be a numeric value (and an integer multiple of the extent size). Applies when *state=present*, to create a pool.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) The authentication token to verify a user on the Storage Virtualize system. To generate a token, use the `ibm.storage_virtualize.ibm_svc_auth` module.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unit` (String) Unit for subpool. Applies when *state=present*, to create a pool.
- `username` (String) REST API username for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Validates certification.
- `vdiskprotectionenabled` (String) Specifies whether volume protection is enabled for this storage pool. The default value is 'yes'. Applies when *state=present*.
- `warning` (Number) If specified, generates a warning when the used disk capacity in the storage pool first exceeds the specified threshold. The default value is 80. To disable it, specify the value as 0. Applies when *state=present* while creating the pool.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
