---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_svc_manage_migration Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_svc_manage_migration (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `clustername` (String) The hostname or management IP of the Storage Virtualize system.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) Domain for the Storage Virtualize system. Valid when hostname is used for the parameter *clustername*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `log_path` (String) Path of debug log file.
- `new_pool` (String) Specifies the pool on which the volume has to be migrated. Valid only when *type_of_migration=across_pools*.
- `password` (String) REST API password for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user on the local system.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `relationship_name` (String) Name of the migration relationship. Required when *state=initiate* or *state=switch*.
- `remote_cluster` (String) Specifies the name of the remote cluster. Required when *state=initiate*.
- `remote_password` (String) REST API password for the partner Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *remote_username* and *remote_password* are required if not using *remote_token* to authenticate a user on the partner system. Valid when *state=initiate*.
- `remote_pool` (String) Specifies the pool on which the volume on Partner Storage Virtualize system should get created. Required when *state=initiate*.
- `remote_token` (String) The authentication token to verify a user on the partner Storage Virtualize system. To generate a token, use the ibm_svc_auth module. Valid when *state=initiate*.
- `remote_username` (String) REST API username for the partner Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *remote_username* and *remote_password* are required if not using *remote_token* to authenticate a user on the partner system. Valid when `state=initiate`.
- `remote_validate_certs` (Boolean) Validates certification for partner Storage Virtualize system. Valid when *state=initiate*.
- `replicate_hosts` (Boolean) Replicates the hosts mapped to a source volume on the source system, to the target system, and maps the hosts to the target volume. The user can use ibm_svc_host and ibm_svc_vol_map modules to create and map hosts to the target volume for an existing migration relationship. Valid when *state=initiate*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_volume` (String) Specifies the name of the existing source volume to be used in migration. Required when *state=initiate* or *state=cleanup* or *type_of_migration=across_pools*.
- `state` (String) Specifies the different states of the migration process when *type_of_migration=across_clusters*. `initiate`, creates a volume on remote cluster; optionally used to replicate hosts, and to create and start a migration relationship. `switch`, switches the migration relationship direction allowing write access on the target volume. `cleanup`, deletes the source volume and migration relationship after a 'switch'.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_volume` (String) Specifies the name of the volume to be created on the target system. Required when *state=initiate*.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) The authentication token to verify a user on the Storage Virtualize system. To generate a token, use the ibm_svc_auth module.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type_of_migration` (String) Specifies the type of migration whether it is migration across pools or migration across clusters
- `username` (String) REST API username for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user on the local system.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Validates certification.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
