---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_svc_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_svc_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `clustername` (String) The hostname or management IP or Partition IP of the Storage Virtualize system.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `command_list` (String) Specify to get information regarding any Storage Virtualize entities other than choices of gather_subset. Exact command has to be specified to use command_list (i.e. lssystemcert, lstimezones, lsportset etc.). Output will be stored in this way (i.e. lssystemcert -> Systemcert, lstimezones -> Timezones etc.).
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) Domain for the Storage Virtualize system. Valid when hostname is used for the parameter *clustername*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filtervalue` (String) Specifies a set of one or more (key=value) combination separated by a colon that helps in returning a subset of objects satisfying the condition.
- `gather_subset` (String) List of string variables to specify the Storage Virtualize entities for which information is required. all - list of all Storage Virtualize entities supported by the module. vol - lists information for VDisks. pool - lists information for mdiskgrps. node - lists information for nodes. iog - lists information for I/O groups. host - lists information for hosts. hostvdiskmap - lists all VDisks mapped to host 'objectname' vdiskhostmap - lists all hosts VDisk 'objectname' is mapped to hc - lists information for host clusters. fc - lists information for FC connectivity. fcport - lists information for FC ports. fabricport -  list the FDMI information that is discovered by the system. targetportfc - lists information for WWPN which is required to set up FC zoning and to display the current failover status of host I/O ports. fcmap - lists information for FC maps. rcrelationship - lists information for remote copy relationships. fcconsistgrp - displays a concise list or a detailed view of flash copy consistency groups. rcconsistgrp - displays a concise list or a detailed view of remote copy consistency groups. iscsiport - lists information for iSCSI ports. vdiskcopy - lists information for volume copy. array - lists information for array MDisks. system - displays the storage system information. cloudaccount - lists all the configured cloud accounts. cloudaccountusage - lists the usage information about the configured cloud storage accounts. cloudimportcandidate - lists information about systems that have data that is stored in the cloud accounts. ldapserver - lists the most recent details for all configured Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) servers. drive - lists the configuration information and drive vital product data (VPD). user - lists all the users that are created on the system. usergroup - lists the user groups that is created on the system. ownershipgroup - displays the ownership groups that are available in the system. partnership - lists all the clustered systems (systems) that are associated with the local system. replicationpolicy - lists all the replication policies on the system. cloudbackup - lists the volumes that have cloud snapshot enabled and volumes that have cloud snapshots in the cloud account. cloudbackupgeneration - lists any volume snapshots available on the specified volume. *objectname* is a mandatory parameter. snapshotpolicy - lists all the snapshot policies on the system. snapshotpolicyschedule - lists all snapshot schedules on the system. volumegroup - lists all volume groups on the system. volumepopulation - list the population information about volumes of type clone or thinclone. volumegrouppopulation - list the information about volume groups of type clone or thinclone. volumegroupsnapshotpolicy - lists the snapshot policy attributes associated with a volume group on the system. volumesnapshot - lists all volume snapshots. dnsserver - lists the information for any Domain Name System (DNS) servers in the system. systemcertificate - lists the information about the current system Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificate. truststore - lists the current certificate stores. sra - command to check both secure remote assistance status and the time of the last login. syslogserver - lists the syslog servers that are configured on the clustered system. emailserver - lists the email servers that are configured on the system. emailuser - lists the Email event notification settings for all Email recipients, an individual Email recipient, or a specified type (local or support) of an Email recipient. provisioningpolicy - lists the provisioning policies available on the system. volumegroupsnapshot - lists the snapshot objects available on the system. callhome - displays the status of the Call Home information that is sent to a server in the Cloud. ip - lists the currently configured IP addresses. portset - lists the currently configured portset on the system. safeguardedpolicy - lists the Safeguarded policies available on the system. mdisk - displays a concise list or a detailed view of managed disks (MDisks) visible to the system. safeguardedpolicyschedule - displays the Safeguarded backup schedule that is associated with Safeguarded policies. eventlog - displays the concise view of system event log enclosurestats - lists the most recent values (averaged) of all enclosure statistics. enclosurestatshistory - lists the history values of all enclosure statistics including power consumed, temperature in fahrenheit and temperature in celsius. driveclass - lists all drive classes in the system security - display the current system Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) or Transport Layer Security (TLS) security and password rules settings partition - display all the storage partitions information related to storage. volumegroupreplication - displays all the replication information for the volume group. plugin - display the information of registered plugins. quorum - display all the quorum devices that the system uses to store quorum data. enclosure - displays a summary of the enclosures. snmpserver -  display a concise list or a detailed view of SNMP servers that are configured on the system testldapserver - tests a Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) server. availablepatch - display the patches that are compatible with the SVC version. patch - displays a list of all the patches on a specific node. systempatches - displays patches installed on all the nodes in the system. grid - displays the summarized view of flashsystem grid. gridmembers - displays the summarized view of flashsystem grid members. gridsystem - displays the information about all systems in the flashsystem grid. gridpartition - displays the information about all partitions in the flashsystem grid.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `log_path` (String) Path of debug log file.
- `objectname` (String) If specified, only the instance with the *objectname* is returned. If not specified, all the instances are returned. If *objectname:"all"* specified, display detailed output of all instances of all objects that are specified in gather_subset and command_list. For entities that require objectname as a mandatory parameter, *objectname:"all"* will throw error.
- `password` (String) REST API password for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) The authentication token to verify a user on the Storage Virtualize system. To generate a token, use the ibm_svc_auth module.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) REST API username for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Validates certification.

### Read-Only

- `Array` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=array* or *gather_subset=all* Lists information for array MDisks
- `Availablepatch` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=availablepatch* or *gather_subset=all* Display the patches that are compatible with the SVC version on the users system.
- `CallHome` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=callhome* or *gather_subset=all* Displays the status of the Call Home information that is sent to a server in the Cloud
- `CloudAccount` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=cloudaccount* or *gather_subset=all* Lists all the configured cloud accounts
- `CloudAccountUsage` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=cloudaccountusage* or *gather_subset=all* Lists the usage information about the configured cloud storage accounts
- `CloudBackup` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=cloudbackup* or *gather_subset=all* Lists the volumes that have cloud snapshot that enabled and volumes that have cloud snapshots in the cloud account
- `CloudBackupGeneration` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=cloudbackupgeneration* List any volume snapshots available on the specified volume
- `CloudImportCandidate` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=cloudimportcandidate* or *gather_subset=all* Lists information about systems that have data that is stored in the cloud accounts
- `DnsServer` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=dnsserver* or *gather_subset=all* Lists the information for any Domain Name System (DNS) servers in the system
- `Drive` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=drive* or *gather_subset=all* Lists the configuration information and drive vital product data (VPD)
- `DriveClass` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=driveclass* or *gather_subset=all* List all drive classes in the system
- `EmailServer` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=emailserver* or *gather_subset=all* Lists the Email servers that are configured on the system
- `EmailUser` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=emailuser* or *gather_subset=all* Lists the Email event notification settings for all Email recipients, an individual Email recipient, or a specified type (local or support) of Email recipient
- `Enclosure` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=enclosure* or *gather_subset=all* Displays a summary of the enclosures.
- `EnclosureStats` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=enclosurestats* or *gather_subset=all* Lists the most recent values (averaged) of all enclosure statistics.
- `EnclosureStatsHistory` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=enclosurestatshistory* or *gather_subset=all* Lists the history values of all enclosure statistics including power consumed, temperature in fahrenheit and temperature in celsius.
- `EventLog` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=eventlog* or *gather_subset=all* Lists information about the system event log
- `FCConnectivity` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=fc* or *gather_subset=all* Lists information for FC connectivity
- `FCConsistgrp` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=fcconsistgrp* or *gather_subset=all* Displays a concise list or a detailed view of flash copy consistency groups
- `FCMap` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=fcmap* or *gather_subset=all* Lists information for FC maps
- `FCPort` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=fcport* or *gather_subset=all* Lists information for FC ports
- `FabricPort` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=fabricport* or *gather_subset=all* List the FDMI information that is discovered by the system.
- `FlashsystemGrid` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=grid* or *gather_subset=all* Displays summarized view of flashsystem grid.
- `FlashsystemGridMembers` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=gridmembers* or *gather_subset=all* Displays summarized view of flashsystem grid members.
- `FlashsystemGridPartition` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=gridpartition* or *gather_subset=all* Displays the information about all partitions in the flashsystem grid.
- `FlashsystemGridSystem` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=gridsystem* or *gather_subset=all* Displays the information about all systems in the flashsystem grid.
- `Host` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=host* or *gather_subset=all* Lists information for hosts
- `HostCluster` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=hc* or *gather_subset=all* Lists information for host clusters
- `HostVdiskMap` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=hostvdiskmap* or *gather_subset=all* Lists all VDisks mapped to host 'objectname'
- `IOGroup` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=iog* or *gather_subset=all* Lists information for I/O groups
- `IP` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=ip* or *gather_subset=all* Lists the currently configured IP addresses
- `LdapServer` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=ldapserver* or *gather_subset=all* Lists the most recent details for all configured Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) servers
- `Mdisk` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=mdisk* or *gather_subset=all* Displays a concise list or a detailed view of managed disks (MDisks) visible to the system
- `Node` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=node* or *gather_subset=all* Lists information for nodes
- `Ownershipgroup` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=ownershipgroup* or *gather_subset=all* Displays the ownership groups that are available in the system
- `Partition` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=partition* or *gather_subset=all* Displays all storage partitions
- `Partnership` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=partnership* or *gather_subset=all* Lists all the clustered systems (systems) that are associated with the local system
- `Patch` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=patch* or *gather_subset=all* Displays a list of all the patches on a specific node in the system.
- `Plugin` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=plugin* or *gather_subset=all* Displays all registered plugins
- `Pool` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=pool* or *gather_subset=all* Lists information for mdiskgrps
- `Portset` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=portset* or *gather_subset=all* Lists the currently configured portset on the system
- `ProvisioningPolicy` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=provisioningpolicy* or *gather_subset=all* Lists the provisioning policies available on the system
- `Quorum` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=quorum* or *gather_subset=all* list the quorum devices that the system uses to store quorum data.
- `RCConsistgrp` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=rcconsistgrp* or *gather_subset=all* Displays a concise list or a detailed view of remote copy consistency groups
- `RemoteCopy` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=rcrelationship* or *gather_subset=all* Lists information for remote copy relationships
- `ReplicationPolicy` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=replicationpolicy* or *gather_subset=all* Lists all the replication policies on the system
- `SafeguardedPolicy` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=safeguardedpolicy* or *gather_subset=all* Lists the Safeguarded policies available on the system
- `SafeguardedSchedule` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=safeguardedpolicyschedule* or *gather_subset=all* Displays the Safeguarded backup schedule that is associated with Safeguarded policies
- `Security` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=security* or *gather_subset=all* Displays current security settings of the system
- `SnapshotPolicy` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=snapshotpolicy* or *gather_subset=all* Lists all the snapshot policies on the system
- `SnapshotSchedule` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=snapshotpolicyschedule* or *gather_subset=all* Lists all snapshot schedules on the system
- `Snmpserver` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=snmpserver* or *gather_subset=all* Display a concise list or a detailed view of SNMP servers that are configured on the system
- `Sra` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=sra* or *gather_subset=all* Command to check both secure remote assistance status and the time of the last login
- `SysLogServer` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=syslogserver* or *gather_subset=all* Lists the syslog servers that are configured on the clustered system
- `System` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=system* or *gather_subset=all* Displays the storage system information
- `SystemCert` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=systemcertificate* or *gather_subset=all* Lists the information about the current system Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificate
- `Systempatches` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=systempatches* or *gather_subset=all* Displays patches installed on all the nodes in the system
- `TargetPortFC` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=targetportfc* or *gather_subset=all* Lists information for WWPN which is required to set up FC zoning and to display the current failover status of host I/O ports
- `Testldapserver` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=testldapserver* Tests a Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) server.
- `TrustStore` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=truststore* or *gather_subset=all* Lists the current certificate stores
- `User` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=user* or *gather_subset=all* Lists all the users that are created on the system
- `UserGrp` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=usergroup* or *gather_subset=all* Lists the user groups that is created on the system
- `VdiskCopy` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=vdiskcopy* or *gather_subset=all* Lists information for volume copy
- `VdiskHostMap` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=vdiskhostmap* or *gather_subset=all* Lists all hosts the VDisk 'objectname' is mapped to
- `Volume` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=vol* or *gather_subset=all* Lists information for VDisks
- `VolumeGroup` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=volumegroup* or *gather_subset=all* Lists all volume groups on the system
- `VolumeGroupPopulation` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=volumegrouppopulation* or *gather_subset=all* Lists information about volume groups of type clone or thinclone including source and in-progress restore
- `VolumeGroupSnapshot` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=volumegroupsnapshot* or *gather_subset=all* Lists the snapshot objects available on the system based on volume group
- `VolumeGroupSnapshotPolicy` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=volumegroupsnapshotpolicy* or *gather_subset=all* Lists view snapshot objects on the system
- `VolumePopulation` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=volumepopulation* or *gather_subset=all* Lists information about volumes of type clone or thinclone
- `VolumeSnapshot` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=volumesnapshot* or *gather_subset=all* Lists all volume snapshots
- `Volumegroupreplication` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=volumegroupreplication* or *gather_subset=all* Displays all replication for the volumegroup
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `iSCSIPort` (String) Data will be populated when *gather_subset=iscsiport* or *gather_subset=all* Lists information for iSCSI ports
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
