---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_svc_manage_volumegroup Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_svc_manage_volumegroup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `clustername` (String) The hostname or management IP or Partition IP of the Storage Virtualize system.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name for the volume group.
- `state` (String) Creates or updates (`present`) or removes (`absent`) a volume group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) Domain for the Storage Virtualize system. Valid when hostname is used for the parameter *clustername*.
- `draftpartition` (String) Specifies the name of the draft partition to be assigned to the volume group. Applies when *state=present*. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems 8.6.3.0 or later.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `evictvolumes` (Boolean) If specified `True`, delete the volume group but does not remove volumes. Applies when *state=absent* to delete the volume group, keeping associated volumes. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems from 8.6.2.0 or later.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fromsourcegroup` (String) Specifies the parent volume group of the snapshot. This is used to prepopulate the new volume in the new volume group. Valid during creation of host accessible volume group from an existing snapshot.
- `fromsourcevolumes` (String) Specifies colon-separated list of the parent volumes. When combined with the type parameter and a snapshot, this allows the user to create a volumegroup with a subset of those volumes whose image is present in a snapshot. Applies when *state=present* to create volumegroup clone or thinclone, from subset of volumes of snapshot. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems from 8.6.2.0 or later.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignoreuserfcmaps` (String) Allows user to create snapshots through the scheduler or manually with `addsnapshot`. This can only be used if a volume in the volume group is used as a source of a user legacy FlashCopy mapping. Valid during creation and update of a volume group. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems 8.5.2.0 or later.
- `iogrp` (String) Specifies the I/O group for new volumes. Valid during creation of host accessible volume group from an existing snapshot.
- `log_path` (String) Path of debug log file.
- `nodrreplication` (Boolean) If specified `True`, removes the volume group from the async-dr replication policy. *nodrreplication* is mutually exclusive with parameters *replicationpolicy* and *noreplicationpolicy*. Applies when *state=present* to modify an existing volume group. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems 8.7.1.0 or later.
- `noownershipgroup` (Boolean) If specified `True`, the object is removed from the ownership group to which it belongs. Parameters *ownershipgroup* and *noownershipgroup* are mutually exclusive. Applies when *state=present* to modify an existing volume group.
- `noreplicationpolicy` (Boolean) If specified `True`, removes the replication policy assigned to the volume group. *noreplicationpolicy* is mutually exclusive with parameters *replicationpolicy* and *nodrreplication*. Applies when *state=present* to modify an existing volume group. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems 8.5.2.1 or later.
- `nosafeguardpolicy` (Boolean) If specified `True`, removes the Safeguarded policy assigned to the volume group. Parameters *safeguardpolicyname* and *nosafeguardpolicy* are mutually exclusive. Applies when *state=present* to modify an existing volume group.
- `nosnapshotpolicy` (Boolean) If specified `True`, removes the snapshot policy assigned to the volume group. Parameters *snapshotpolicy* and *nosnapshotpolicy* are mutually exclusive. Applies when *state=present* to modify an existing volume group.
- `old_name` (String) Specifies the old name of the volume group during renaming. Valid when *state=present*, to rename an existing volume group.
- `ownershipgroup` (String) Specifies the name of the ownership group to which the object is being added. *ownershipgroup* is mutually exclusive with parameters *safeguardpolicyname* and *noownershipgroup*. Applies when *state=present*.
- `partition` (String) Specifies the name of the storage partition to be assigned to the volume group. Applies when *state=present*. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems 8.6.1.0 or later.
- `password` (String) REST API password for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `policystarttime` (String) Specifies the time when the first Safeguarded backup is to be taken. This parameter can also be associated with snapshot policy. *safeguardpolicyname* is required when using *policystarttime*. The accepted format is YYMMDDHHMM. Applies when *state=present*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pool` (String) Specifies the pool name where the target volumes are to be created. Valid during creation of host accessible volume group from an existing snapshot.
- `replicationpolicy` (String) Specifies the name of the replication policy to be assigned to the volume group. Applies when *state=present*. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems 8.5.2.1 or later.
- `safeguarded` (Boolean) If specified, the snapshot policy creates safeguarded snapshots. Should be specified along with *snapshotpolicy*. Valid during creation and update of a volume group. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems 8.5.2.0 or later.
- `safeguardpolicyname` (String) The name of the Safeguarded policy to be assigned to the volume group. *safeguardpolicyname* is mutually exclusive with parameters *nosafeguardpolicy* and *ownershipgroup*. Applies when *state=present*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot` (String) Specifies the name of the snapshot used to prepopulate the new volumes in the new volume group. Required when creating a host accessible volume group from an existing snapshot.
- `snapshotpolicy` (String) The name of the snapshot policy to be assigned to the volume group. *snapshotpolicy* is mutually exclusive with parameters *nosnapshotpolicy* and *ownershipgroup*. Applies when *state=present*.
- `snapshotpolicysuspended` (String) Specifies whether to suspend (`yes`) or resume (`no`) the snapshot policy on this volume group. Applies when *state=present* to modify an existing volume group.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) The authentication token to verify a user on the Storage Virtualize system. To generate a token, use the `ibm.storage_virtualize.ibm_svc_auth` module.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of volume group to be created from the snapshot. Valid during creation of host accessible volume group from an existing snapshot. Also used to convert a thinclone volumegroup to clone. type = clone should be specified.
- `username` (String) REST API username for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Validates certification.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
