---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_sv_restore_cloud_backup Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_sv_restore_cloud_backup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `clustername` (String) The hostname or management IP of the Storage Virtualize system.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `target_volume_name` (String) Specifies the volume name to restore onto.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cancel` (Boolean) Specifies to cancel the restore operation.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deletelatergenerations` (Boolean) Specifies that all backup generations should be deleted after the generation is restored.
- `domain` (String) Domain for the Storage Virtualize system. Valid when hostname is used for the parameter *clustername*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `generation` (Number) Specifies the snapshot generation to restore. The value must be a number.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `log_path` (String) Path of debug log file.
- `password` (String) REST API password for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `restoreuid` (Boolean) Specifies the UID of the restored volume should be set to the UID of the volume snapshot that is being restored. This parameter can be used only with *source_volume_uid*. The *restoreuid* parameter is not supported if cloud account is in import mode.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_volume_uid` (String) Specifies the volume snapshot to restore (specified by volume UID). This parameter is required to restore a backup from a different volume. Specified UID must be different from the UID of the volume being restored.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) The authentication token to verify a user on the Storage Virtualize system. To generate a token, use the `ibm.storage_virtualize.ibm_svc_auth` module.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) REST API username for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Validates certification.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
