---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_svc_manage_volume Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_svc_manage_volume (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `clustername` (String) The hostname or management IP or Partition IP of the Storage Virtualize system.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name to assign to the new volume.
- `state` (String) Creates or updates (`present`) or removes (`absent`) a volume.

### Optional

- `allow_hs` (Boolean) If specified `True`, manages the hyperswap volume by ignoring the volume type validation. Valid when *state=present*, to modify an existing volume.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `autoexpand` (String) Specifies whether thin-provisioned volume copies automatically expand their real capacities. If specified as off, works as `noautoexpand`.
- `buffersize` (String) Specifies the pool capacity that the volume will reserve as a buffer for thin-provisioned and compressed volumes. Parameter 'thin' or 'compressed' must be specified to use this parameter. The default buffer size is 2%. *thin* or *compressed* is required when using *buffersize*. Valid when *state=present*, to create a volume.
- `cache` (String) Specifies the caching options for the volume. When not specified, the default value is 'readwrite'.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cloud_account_name` (String) Specifies the name of the cloud account name. Valid when *enable_cloud_snapshot=true*.
- `compressed` (Boolean) Specifies that a compressed volume is to be created. Parameters 'compressed' and 'thin' are mutually exclusive. Valid when *state=present*, to create a compressed volume.
- `deduplicated` (Boolean) Specifies that a deduplicated volume is to be created. Required when *state=present*, to create a deduplicated volume.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) Domain for the Storage Virtualize system. Valid when hostname is used for the parameter *clustername*.
- `enable_cloud_snapshot` (Boolean) Specify to enable or disable cloud snapshot. Valid when *state=present*, to modify an existing volume.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fromsourcevolume` (String) Specifies the volume name in the snapshot used to pre-populate clone or thinclone volume. Valid when *state=present*, to create a thinclone or clone volume. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems from 8.6.2.0 or later.
- `grainsize` (Number) Sets the grain size for a thin-provisioned volume.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `iogrp` (String) Specifies the list of I/O group names. Group names in the list must be separated by using a comma. While creating a new volume, the first I/O group in the list is added as both cached & access I/O group, while remaining I/O groups are added as access I/O groups. This parameter supports update functionality. Valid when *state=present*, to create or modify a volume.
- `log_path` (String) Path of debug log file.
- `novolumegroup` (Boolean) If specified `True`, the volume is removed from its associated volumegroup. Parameters 'novolumegroup' and 'volumegroup' are mutually exclusive. Valid when *state=present*, to modify a volume.
- `old_name` (String) Specifies the old name of the volume during renaming. Valid when *state=present*, to rename an existing volume.
- `password` (String) REST API password for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pool` (String) Specifies the name of the storage pool to use while creating the volume. This parameter is required when *state=present*, to create a volume.
- `preferrednode` (String) Specifies the preferred node name that is used to access the volume. When not specified, the system selects the preferred node automatically.
- `size` (String) Defines the size of the volume. This parameter can also be used to resize an existing volume. Required when *state=present*, to create or modify a volume.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `thin` (Boolean) Specifies that a thin-provisioned volume is to be created. Parameters 'thin' and 'compressed' are mutually exclusive. Valid when *state=present*, to create a thin-provisioned volume.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) The authentication token to verify a user on the Storage Virtualize system. To generate a token, use the ibm_svc_auth module.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of volume to create. Volume can be thinclone or clone type. Valid when *state=present*, to create a thinclone or clone volume. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems from 8.6.2.0 or later. Also used to convert a thinclone volume to clone. type = clone should be specified.
- `unit` (String) Specifies the data units to use with the capacity that is specified by the 'size' parameter. *size* is required when using *unit*.
- `unmap` (String) Removes specified objects associated with the volume which is to be deleted. Valid when *state=absent*, to delete a volume.
- `username` (String) REST API username for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Validates certification.
- `volumegroup` (String) Specifies the name of the volumegroup to which the volume is to be added. Parameters 'volumegroup' and 'novolumegroup' are mutually exclusive. Valid when *state=present*, to create or modify a volume.
- `warning` (Number) Raises a warning when the used disk capacity on the thin-provisioned copy first exceeds the specified threshold. The value is specified as a percentage of the total capacity of the thin-provisioned volume, hence it must be between 0 and 100. When not specified, the default value is 80%. Valid when *state=present*, to create or modify a thin-provisioned or compressed volume.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
