---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_svc_initial_setup Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_svc_initial_setup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `clustername` (String) The hostname or management IP of the Storage Virtualize system.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chapsecret` (String) Specify the CHAP secret to authenticate the system using iSCSI. Required when *iscsiauthmethod=chap*, to modify a CHAP secret. If *chapsecret* is specified as an empty string (""), it is treated as nochapsecret, which clears current chapsecret.
- `cloud` (Number) Specifies the number of enclosures for the transparent cloud tiering function.
- `compression` (Number) Changes system licensing for the compression function. Depending on the type of system, specify a capacity value in terabytes (TB) or specify the total number of storage capacity units (SCUs) that user is licensed to virtualize across tiers of storage on the system or specify the total number of internal and external enclosures that user has licensed on the system.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dnsip` (String) Specifies the DNS server Internet Protocol (IP) address.
- `dnsname` (String) Specifies a unique name for the system DNS server being created. Maximum two DNS servers can be configured. User needs to provide the complete list of DNS servers that are required to be configured.
- `domain` (String) Domain for the Storage Virtualize system. Valid when hostname is used for the parameter *clustername*.
- `easytier` (Number) Specifies the number of enclosures on which user can run Easy Tier.
- `encryption` (String) Specifies whether the encryption license function is enabled or disabled.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `flash` (Number) Changes system licensing for the FlashCopy function. Depending on the type of system, specify a capacity value in terabytes (TB) or specify the total number of internal and external enclosures for the FlashCopy function.
- `flashcopydefaultgrainsize` (Number) Allow a user to change the FC grainsize to be one of either 64K or 256K.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `iscsiauthmethod` (String) Specify the authentication method for iSCSI communications on the system.
- `license_key` (String) Provides the license key to activate a feature that contains 16 hexadecimal characters organized in four groups of four numbers with each group separated by a hyphen (such as 0123-4567-89AB-CDEF).
- `log_path` (String) Path of debug log file.
- `ntpip` (String) Specifies the IPv4 address or fully qualified domain name (FQDN) for the Network Time Protocol (NTP) server. To remove an already configured NTP IP, user must specify 0.0.0.0.
- `password` (String) REST API password for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `physical_flash` (String) For physical disk licensing, this parameter enables or disables the FlashCopy function.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remote` (Number) Changes system licensing for remote-copy functions such as Metro Mirror, Global Mirror, and HyperSwap. Depending on the type of system, specify a capacity value in terabytes (TB) or specify the total number of internal and external enclosures that user has licensed on the system. There must be an enclosure license for all enclosures.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `storageinsightscontrolaccess` (String) Indicates whether the storage insights control access for the system is enabled or disabled.
- `system_name` (String) Specifies system name.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `time` (String) Specifies the time to which the system must be set. This value must be in the following format MMDDHHmmYYYY (where M is month, D is day, H is hour, m is minute, and Y is year).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timezone` (String) Specifies the time zone to set for the system.
- `token` (String) The authentication token to verify a user on the Storage Virtualize system. To generate a token, use the `ibm.storage_virtualize.ibm_svc_auth` module.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) REST API username for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Validates certification.
- `vdiskprotectionenabled` (String) Specifies whether the volume protection is enabled or disabled.
- `vdiskprotectiontime` (Number) Specifies the volume protection time (in minutes).
- `virtualization` (Number) Changes system licensing for the Virtualization function. Depending on the type of system, specify a capacity value in terabytes (TB) or specify the total number of storage capacity units (SCUs) that user is licensed to virtualize across tiers of storage on the system or specify the number of enclosures of external storage that user is authorized to use.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
