---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_svc_manage_flashcopy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_svc_manage_flashcopy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `clustername` (String) The hostname or management IP of the Storage Virtualize system.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the FlashCopy mapping.
- `state` (String) Creates or updates (`present`) or removes (`absent`) a FlashCopy mapping.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cleanrate` (Number) Specifies the clean rate. The rate varies between 0-150. If unspecified, the default clean rate is 50. Valid when *state=present*, to create or modify a FlashCopy mapping.
- `consistgrp` (String) Specifies the name of the consistency group to which the FlashCopy mapping is to be added. Parameters *consistgrp* and *noconsistgrp* are mutually exclusive. Valid when *state=present*, to create or modify a FlashCopy mapping.
- `copyrate` (Number) Specifies the copy rate. The rate varies between 0-150. If unspecified, the default copy rate of 50 for clone and 0 for snapshot is used. Valid when *state=present*, to create or modify a FlashCopy mapping.
- `copytype` (String) Specifies the copy type when creating the FlashCopy mapping. Required when *state=present*, to create a FlashCopy mapping.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) Domain for the Storage Virtualize system. Valid when hostname is used for the parameter *clustername*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Brings the target volume online. This parameter is required if the FlashCopy mapping is in the stopped state. Valid when *state=absent*, to delete a FlashCopy mapping.
- `grainsize` (String) Specifies the grain size for the FlashCopy mapping. The grainsize can be set to 64 or 256. The default value is 256. Valid when *state=present*, to create a FlashCopy mapping.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `log_path` (String) Path of debug log file.
- `mdiskgrp` (String) Specifies the name of the storage pool to use when creating the target volume. If unspecified, the pool associated with the source volume is used. Valid when *state=present*, to create a FlashCopy mapping.
- `noconsistgrp` (Boolean) If specified True, FlashCopy mapping is removed from the consistency group. Parameters *noconsistgrp* and *consistgrp* are mutually exclusive. Valid when *state=present*, to modify a FlashCopy mapping.
- `old_name` (String) Specifies the old name of an mdiskgrp. Applies when *state=present*, to rename the existing mdiskgrp.
- `password` (String) REST API password for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source` (String) Specifies the name of the source volume. Required when *state=present*, to create a FlashCopy mapping.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target` (String) Specifies the name of the target volume. Required when *state=present*, to create a FlashCopy mapping.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) The authentication token to verify a user on the Storage Virtualize system. To generate a token, use the ibm_svc_auth module.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) REST API username for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Validates certification.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
