---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_sv_manage_cloud_backups Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_sv_manage_cloud_backups (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `clustername` (String) The hostname or management IP of the Storage Virtualize system.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) Creates (`present`) or deletes (`absent`) a cloud backup.

### Optional

- `all` (Boolean) Specifies to delete all cloud backup generations. Applies when *state=absent* to delete a backup. The parameters *all* and *generation* are mutually exclusive. Either *generation* or *all* is required to delete cloud backup.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) Domain for the Storage Virtualize system. Valid when hostname is used for the parameter *clustername*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `full` (Boolean) Specifies that the snapshot generation for the volume should be a full snapshot. Applies when *state=present*.
- `generation` (Number) Specifies the snapshot generation ID that needs to be deleted for the volume. If the specified generation is for a snapshot operation that is in progress, that snapshot operation is canceled. Applies when *state=absent* to delete a generation of a volume backup. The parameters *all* and *generation* are mutually exclusive. Either *generation* or *all* is required to delete cloud backup.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `log_path` (String) Path of debug log file.
- `password` (String) REST API password for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) The authentication token to verify a user on the Storage Virtualize system. To generate a token, use the `ibm.storage_virtualize.ibm_svc_auth` module.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) REST API username for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Validates certification.
- `volume_UID` (String) Specifies the volume UID to delete a cloud backup of the volume. The value for a volume UID must be a value in the range 0-32. The parameters *volume_UID* and *volume_name* are mutually exclusive. Applies when *state=absent* to delete cloud backups.
- `volume_name` (String) Specifies the volume name for the volume being backed up. The parameters *volume_name* and *volumegroup_name* are mutually exclusive.
- `volumegroup_name` (String) Specifies the volumegroup name for the volume to back up. The parameters *volume_name* and *volumegroup_name* are mutually exclusive. Applies when *state=present* to create cloud backups of all the volume group members. Cloud backup must be enabled on all the volume group members to execute this.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
