---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_sv_manage_storage_partition Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_sv_manage_storage_partition (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `clustername` (String) The hostname or management IP of the Storage Virtualize system.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of a storage partition.
- `state` (String) Creates, updates (`present`) or deletes (`absent`) a storage partition.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deletenonpreferredmanagementobjects` (Boolean) If the storage partition has a replication policy and associated objects, such as volumes, volumes groups, hosts or host mappings, one of the two *deletenonpreferredmanagementobjects* or *deletepreferredmanagementobjects* parmeters is required. If specified, the command is only permitted on the active management system, and requires that the active management system is the same as the preferred management system. Applies when *state=absent*.
- `deletepreferredmanagementcopy` (Boolean) This parameter is to be used along with *noreplicationpolicy* parameter and active management system must NOT be the same as the preferred management system.
- `deletepreferredmanagementobjects` (Boolean) If the storage partition has a replication policy and associated objects, such as volumes, volumes groups, hosts or host mappings, one of the two *deletenonpreferredmanagementobjects* or *deletepreferredmanagementobjects* parmeters is required. If the storage partition cannot be managed at the preferred management system then *deletepreferredmanagementobjects* to be used to remove the storage partition and unassign the replication policy. Applies when *state=absent*.
- `domain` (String) Domain for the Storage Virtualize system. Valid when hostname is used for the parameter *clustername*.
- `draft` (Boolean) If specified and set to true, creates a partition in draft state. If set to false, creates a new partition into published state or moves an existing partition into published state. Applies when *state=present*.
- `drlink_partition_uuid` (String) Specifies uuid of the disaster-recovery system's partition Applies, when *state=present*. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems 8.7.1.0 or later.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `location` (String) Specifies a desired target system location to migrate an existing storage partition.
- `log_path` (String) Path of debug log file.
- `managementportset` (String) Specifies management portset to be assigned to partition.
- `migrationaction` (String) Indicates how the partition migration should continue on target system. fixeventwithchecks - The system marks the event as fixed and re-check the configuration. If the error condition still exists, the event is logged again. This ensures migration only proceeds when error conditions are resolved.
- `nomanagementportset` (Boolean) Removes the management portset from the partition.
- `noreplicationpolicy` (Boolean) Unassigns the current replication policy from the volume group. This parameter, if used without *deletepreferredmanagementcopy* parameter, is allowed only on active management system.
- `old_name` (String) Specifies the name of the storage partition to be renamed. Valid when *state=present*, to rename an existing storage partition.
- `partition_to_merge` (String) If specified, merges the *partition_to_merge* and all its objects into partition specified with *name*. After merge, partition specified with *partition_to_merge* disappears from the list of partitions. Applies when *state=present*.
- `password` (String) REST API password for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `preferredmanagementsystem` (String) Changes the preferred management system for the storage partition. Permitted only from the system which is the active management system.
- `remotesystem` (String) Specifies the disaster-recovery system. Applies, when *state=present*. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems 8.7.1.0 or later.
- `removedrlink` (Boolean) Removes the disaster recovery link from this partition. Applies, when *state=present*. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems 8.7.1.0 or later.
- `replicationpolicy` (String) Specifies the replication policy for the storage partition.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) The authentication token to verify a user on the Storage Virtualize system. To generate a token, use the `ibm.storage_virtualize.ibm_svc_auth` module.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) REST API username for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Validates certification.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
