---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_sv_manage_syslog_server Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_sv_manage_syslog_server (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `clustername` (String) The hostname or management IP of the Storage Virtualize system.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of a syslog server.
- `state` (String) Creates, updates (`present`) or deletes (`absent`) a syslog server.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `audit` (String) Specifies whether the server receives CLI audit logs. The default value is off.
- `cadf` (String) Specifies that Cloud Auditing Data Federation (CADF) data reporting be turned on or off. The parameters *facility* and I (cadf) are mutually exclusive.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) Domain for the Storage Virtualize system. Valid when hostname is used for the parameter *clustername*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `error` (String) Specifies whether the server receives error notifications. If specified as on, error notifications are sent to the syslog server. The default value is on.
- `facility` (Number) Specifies the facility number used in syslog messages. This number identifies the origin of the message to the receiving server. The default value is 0. The parameters *facility* and I (cadf) are mutually exclusive.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `info` (String) Specifies whether the server receives information notifications. If specified as on, information notifications are sent to the syslog server. The default value is on.
- `ip` (String) Specifies the Internet Protocol (IP) address or domain name of the syslog server. If a domain name is specified, a DNS server must be configured on the system.
- `log_path` (String) Path of debug log file.
- `login` (String) Specifies whether the server receives authentication logs. The default value is off.
- `old_name` (String) Specifies the old name of a syslog server to rename. Valid when *state=present*, to rename the existing syslog server.
- `password` (String) REST API password for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) Specifies the communication port that is used by this server. The parameter *protocol* must be specified while specifying this parameter. The default value is 514 for udp and 6514 for tcp.
- `protocol` (String) Specifies the communication protocol that is used by this server. The default value is udp.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) The authentication token to verify a user on the Storage Virtualize system. To generate a token, use the `ibm.storage_virtualize.ibm_svc_auth` module.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) REST API username for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Validates certification.
- `warning` (String) Specifies whether the server receives warning notifications. If specified as on, warning notifications are sent to the syslog server. The default value is on.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
