---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_svc_host Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_svc_host (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `clustername` (String) The hostname or management IP or Partition IP of the Storage Virtualize system.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies a name or label for the new host object.
- `state` (String) Creates or updates (`present`) or removes (`absent`) a host.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) Domain for the Storage Virtualize system. Valid when hostname is used for the parameter *clustername*.
- `draftpartition` (String) Specifies the name of the draft partition to be assigned to the host. Valid when *state=present*, to modify a host. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems 8.6.3.0 or later.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fcwwpn` (String) List of Initiator WWPNs to be added to the host. The complete list of WWPNs must be provided. The parameters *fcwwpn* and *iscsiname* are mutually exclusive. Required when *state=present*, to create or modify a Fibre Channel (FC) host.
- `fdminame` (String) Host object to be created from the fdminame. The valid fdminame should be provided for host creation. The parameters *fcwwpn* and *fdminame* are mutually exclusive. Parameter is mutually exlusive with other parameters saswwpn,fcwwpn,iscsiname and nqn. Valid when *state=present*, to create host.
- `hostcluster` (String) Specifies the name of the host cluster to which the host object is to be added. A host cluster must exist before a host object can be added to it. Parameters *hostcluster* and *nohostcluster* are mutually exclusive. Valid when *state=present*, to create or modify a host.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `iogrp` (String) Specifies a set of one or more input/output (I/O) groups from which the host can access the volumes. Once specified, this parameter cannot be modified. Valid when *state=present*, to create a host.
- `iscsiname` (String) List of Initiator IQNs to be added to the host. IQNs are separated by comma. The complete list of IQNs must be provided. The parameters *fcwwpn* and *iscsiname* are mutually exclusive. Valid when *state=present*, to create host.
- `location` (String) Specifies the system ID or system name that is co-located with this host. If set to blank (""), the host will normally submit I/O operations to the storage partition's preferred system. Valid when *state=present*, to modify an existing host. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems 8.7.0.0 or later. Creating a host with a location, or changing the location of a host, is only permitted if the host is associated with a storage partition configured for high availability.
- `log_path` (String) Path of debug log file.
- `nodraftpartition` (Boolean) If specified as `True`, the host object is removed from the draft partition. Parameters *draftpartition* and *nodraftpartition* are mutually exclusive. Valid when *state=present*, to modify an existing host. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems 8.6.3.0 or later.
- `nohostcluster` (Boolean) If specified as `True`, host object is removed from the host cluster. Parameters *hostcluster* and *nohostcluster* are mutually exclusive. Valid when *state=present*, to modify an existing host.
- `nopartition` (Boolean) If specified as `True`, the host object is removed from the storage partition. Parameters *partition* and *nopartition* are mutually exclusive. Valid when *state=present*, to modify an existing host. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems 8.6.1.0 or later.
- `nqn` (String) List of initiator NQNs to be added to the host. Each NQN is separated by a comma. The complete list of NQNs must be provided. Required when *protocol=rdmanvme or tcpnvme*, to create. Valid when *state=present*, to create or modify a host.
- `old_name` (String) Specifies the old name of the host while renaming. Valid when *state=present*, to rename an existing host.
- `partition` (String) Specifies the storage partition to be associated with the host. Valid when *state=present*, to create or modify a host. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems 8.6.1.0 or later.
- `password` (String) REST API password for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `portset` (String) Specifies the portset to be associated with the host. Valid when *state=present*, to create or modify a host.
- `protocol` (String) Specifies the protocol used by the host to communicate with the storage system. Only 'scsi' protocol is supported. Valid when *state=present*, to create a host.
- `site` (String) Specifies the site name of the host. Valid when *state=present*, to create or modify a host. If *site* is specified as an empty string (""), it is treated as nosite, indicating the removal of the existing site.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `suppressofflinealert` (String) If specified as `yes`, an event will not be generated if host is offline. Valid when *state=present*, to modify an existing host. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems 8.7.2.0 or later.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) The authentication token to verify a user on the Storage Virtualize system. To generate a token, use the `ibm.storage_virtualize.ibm_svc_auth` module.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of host. Valid when *state=present*, to create or modify a host.
- `username` (String) REST API username for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Validates certification.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
