---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_sv_manage_awss3_cloudaccount Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_sv_manage_awss3_cloudaccount (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `clustername` (String) The hostname or management IP of the Storage Virtualize system.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of an Amazon S3 account.
- `state` (String) Creates, updates (`present`), or deletes (`absent`) an Amazon S3 account.

### Optional

- `accesskeyid` (String) Specifies the public part of the Amazon S3 access key credential of the AWS user that the system use to access the cloud storage.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bucketprefix` (String) Specifies the prefix for the bucket object. Applies, when *state=present*, to create an Amazon S3 account.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) Domain for the Storage Virtualize system. Valid when hostname is used for the parameter *clustername*.
- `downbandwidthmbits` (String) Specifies the download bandwidth limit in megabits per second (Mbps). The value must be a number 1-10240.
- `encrypt` (String) Specifies whether to encrypt the data in the cloud account. By default, encryption is enabled if encryption is enabled on the cluster unless *encrypt=no* is specified. Valid when *state=present* to create an Amazon S3 account.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignorefailures` (Boolean) Specify to change the access key whether the new access key works or not. Valid when *state=present* to update an existing Amazon S3 account. Parameter is allowed only when *accesskeyid* and *secretaccesskey* are entered.
- `importsystem` (String) Specifies that the system's data be imported. Valid when *state=present* to update an existing Amazon S3 account.
- `log_path` (String) Path of debug log file.
- `mode` (String) Specifies the new or modified cloud account mode. Valid when *state=present* to update an existing Amazon S3 account.
- `old_name` (String) Specifies the old name of an Amazon S3 account. Valid when *state=present*, to rename the existing Amazon S3 account.
- `password` (String) REST API password for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `refresh` (Boolean) Specifies a refresh of the system import candidates. If the account is in import mode, this parameter specifies a refresh of the data available for import.
- `region` (String) Specifies the AWS region to use to access the cloud account and store data.
- `resetusagehistory` (Boolean) Resets the usage history (to 0). Storage consumption that reflects the space that is consumed on the cloud account is cumulative, which means that it remains in the current day row (the 0th row). Valid when *state=present* to update an existing Amazon S3 account.
- `secretaccesskey` (String) Specifies the secret access key of an Amazon S3 cloud account.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) The authentication token to verify a user on the Storage Virtualize system. To generate a token, use the `ibm.storage_virtualize.ibm_svc_auth` module.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `upbandwidthmbits` (String) Specifies the upload bandwidth limit in megabits per second (Mbps). The value must be a number 1-10240.
- `username` (String) REST API username for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Validates certification.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
