---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_sv_manage_snapshot Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_sv_manage_snapshot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `clustername` (String) The hostname or management IP or Partition IP of the Storage Virtualize system.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `state` (String) Creates, updates (`present`), restores from (`restore`) or deletes (`absent`) a snapshot.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) Domain for the Storage Virtualize system. Valid when hostname is used for the parameter *clustername*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignorelegacy` (Boolean) Specifies the addition of the volume snapshots although there are already legacy FlashCopy mappings using the volume as a source.
- `log_path` (String) Path of debug log file.
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of a snapshot.
- `old_name` (String) Specifies the old name of a snapshot. Valid when *state=present*, to rename the existing snapshot.
- `ownershipgroup` (String) Specifies the name of the ownershipgroup. Valid when *state=present*, to update an existing snapshot.
- `password` (String) REST API password for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `retentiondays` (Number) Specifies the retention period in days. *safeguarded* and *retentiondays* are required together. Applies, when *state=present* to create a safeguarded snapshot.
- `retentionminutes` (Number) Specifies the retention period in minutes in range 1 - 1440. *retentionminutes* and *retentiondays* are mutually exclusive. Applies, when *state=present* to create a transient snapshot.
- `safeguarded` (Boolean) Flag to create a safeguarded snapshot. *safeguarded* and *retentiondays* are required together. Supported in SV build 8.5.2.0 or later.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot_pool` (String) Specifies the name of child pool within which the snapshot is being created.
- `src_volume_names` (String) Specifies the name of the volumes for which the snapshots are to be created. List of volume names can be specified with the delimiter colon. Valid when *state=present*, to create a snapshot.
- `src_volumegroup_name` (String) Specifies the name of the source volume group for which the snapshot is being created. *src_volumegroup_name* and *src_volume_names* are mutually exclusive for creating snapshot. Required one of *src_volumegroup_name* or *src_volume_names* for creation of snapshot.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) The authentication token to verify a user on the Storage Virtualize system. To generate a token, use the `ibm.storage_virtualize.ibm_svc_auth` module.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) REST API username for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Validates certification.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
