---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_sv_manage_replication_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_sv_manage_replication_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `clustername` (String) The hostname or management IP or Partition IP of the Storage Virtualize system.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the replication policy.
- `state` (String) Creates, updates (`present`), or deletes (`absent`) a replication policy.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) Domain for the Storage Virtualize system. Valid when hostname is used for the parameter *clustername*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ha_snapshots` (String) When specified as *yes*, snapshots created for volumes and volume groups associated with the policy will be replicated to the remote system. Applies when *state=present* and *topology=2-site-ha*. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems 8.7.3.0 or later.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `location1iogrp` (Number) Specifies the ID of the I/O group of the system in location 1 of the topology.
- `location1system` (String) Specifies the name or ID of the system in location 1 of the topology.
- `location2iogrp` (Number) Specifies the ID of the I/O group of the system in location 2 of the topology.
- `location2system` (String) Specifies the name or ID of the system in location 2 of the topology.
- `log_path` (String) Path of debug log file.
- `partition` (String) Specifies the name of the storage partition to be assigned to async-dr replication policy. Applies when *state=present*. Supported from Storage Virtualize family systems 8.7.1.0 or later.
- `password` (String) REST API password for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rpoalert` (Number) Specifies the RPO alert threshold in seconds. The minimum value is 60 (1 minute) and the maximum value is 86400 (1 day). The value must be a multiple of 60 seconds.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) The authentication token to verify a user on the Storage Virtualize system. To generate a token, use the `ibm.storage_virtualize.ibm_svc_auth` module.
- `topology` (String) Specifies the policy topology.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) REST API username for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Validates certification.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
