---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_sv_manage_ip_partnership Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ibm_storage_virtualize_ibm_sv_manage_ip_partnership (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `clustername` (String) The hostname or management IP of the Storage Virtualize system.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `remote_clustername` (String) The hostname or management IP of the remote Storage Virtualize system.
- `state` (String) Creates or updates (`present`) or removes (`absent`) an IP partnership.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backgroundcopyrate` (Number) Specifies the maximum percentage of aggregate link bandwidth that can be used for background copy operations. This is a numeric value from 0 through 100. The default value is 50. Valid when *state=present*.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `compressed` (String) Specifies whether compression is enabled for this partnership. Valid when *state=present*.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) Domain for the Storage Virtualize system. Valid when hostname is used for the parameter *clustername*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `link1` (String) Specifies the portset name to be used for WAN link 1 of the Storage Virtualize system. Valid when *state=present*, to create an IP partnership.
- `link2` (String) Specifies the portset name to be used for WAN link 2 of the Storage Virtualize system. Valid when *state=present*, to create an IP partnership.
- `linkbandwidthmbits` (Number) Specifies the aggregate bandwidth of the RC link between two clustered systems (systems) in megabits per second (Mbps). This is a numeric value from 1 through 100000. Valid when *state=present*.
- `log_path` (String) Path of debug log file.
- `password` (String) REST API password for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `pbrinuse` (String) Specifies whether policy-based replication will be used on the partnership. Valid when *state=present* to update a partnership.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remote_cluster_id` (String) Specifies the partnership ID of the partner system. Required when *state=present*, to modify an existing IP partnership. Required when *state=absent*, to remove an existing IP partnership.
- `remote_clusterip` (String) Specifies the partner system IP address, either IPv4 or IPv6. Required when *state=present*, to create an IP partnership.
- `remote_domain` (String) Domain for the remote Storage Virtualize system. Valid when hostname is used for the parameter *remote_clustername*.
- `remote_link1` (String) Specifies the portset name to be used for WAN link 1 of the remote Storage Virtualize system. Valid when *state=present*, to create an IP partnership.
- `remote_link2` (String) Specifies the portset name to be used for WAN link 2 of the remote Storage Virtualize system. Valid when *state=present*, to create an IP partnership.
- `remote_password` (String) REST API password for the remote Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *remote_username* and *remote_password* are required if not using *remote_token* to authenticate a user.
- `remote_token` (String) The authentication token to verify a user on the remote Storage Virtualize system. To generate a token, use the `ibm.storage_virtualize.ibm_svc_auth` module.
- `remote_username` (String) REST API username for the remote Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *remote_username* and *remote_password* are required if not using *remote_token* to authenticate a user.
- `remote_validate_certs` (Boolean) Validates certification for the remote Storage Virtualize system.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token` (String) The authentication token to verify a user on the Storage Virtualize system. To generate a token, use the `ibm.storage_virtualize.ibm_svc_auth` module.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Specifies the Internet Protocol (IP) address format for the partnership. Valid when *state=present*.
- `username` (String) REST API username for the Storage Virtualize system. The parameters *username* and *password* are required if not using *token* to authenticate a user.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Validates certification for the local Storage Virtualize system.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
