---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ieisystem_inmanage_backup Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ieisystem_inmanage_backup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bak_file` (String) Backup file or bak folder.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `item` (String) Export item. The values for M5 modules are 'all', 'network', 'service', 'ntp', 'snmptrap', 'dns', 'smtp', 'ad', 'ldap', 'user', 'bios'. The values for M6 modules are 'all', 'network', 'service', 'ntp', 'snmptrap',  'kvm', 'ipmi', 'authentication', 'syslog'. The values for M7 modules are 'all', 'network', 'service', 'syslog', 'ncsi'.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `message` (String) Messages returned after module execution.
- `state` (String) Status after module execution.
