---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ieisystem_inmanage_edit_alert_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ieisystem_inmanage_edit_alert_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `channel` (String) LAN Channel. Only the M5 model supports this parameter.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `destination` (String) Alert destination. The address of the server receiving trap information sent by Trap. When type is snmp, specify an IP address. When type is email, specify a username. When type is snmpdomain, specify a domain.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `status` (String) Alert policy status. Whether to enable the receiving end for sending messages in trap mode.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `trap_port` (Number) SNMP trap port(1-65535). Only the M6 model supports this parameter.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Alert Type. Only the M5 model supports this parameter.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `message` (String) Messages returned after module execution.
- `state` (String) Status after module execution.
