---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ieisystem_inmanage_edit_m6_log_setting Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ieisystem_inmanage_edit_m6_log_setting (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host_tag` (String) System log host tag, set when *status=enable*.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `level` (String) Events Level, set when *status=enable*.
- `log_type` (String) Remote Log Type, set when *server_status=enable*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `protocol_type` (String) Protocol Type, set when *status=enable*.
- `server_addr` (String) Server Address, set when *server_status=enable*.
- `server_id` (Number) Syslog Server ID, set when *status=enable*.
- `server_port` (Number) Server Address, set when *server_status=enable*.
- `server_status` (String) Syslog Server status, set when server_id is not none.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `status` (String) System Log Status.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `test` (Boolean) Test remote log settings, set when server_id is not none.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `message` (String) Messages returned after module execution.
- `state` (String) Status after module execution.
