---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ieisystem_inmanage_generate_ssl Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ieisystem_inmanage_generate_ssl (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `city_locality` (String) City or Locality. Maximum length of 128 alpha-numeric characters. Special characters '\', '#' and '$' are not allowed.
- `common_name` (String) Common name for which the certificate is to be generated. Maximum length of 64 alpha-numeric characters. Special characters '\', '#' and '$' are not allowed.
- `country` (String) Country code. Only two characters are allowed. Special characters are not allowed.
- `email` (String) Email Address of the organization.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `organization` (String) Name of the organization for which certificate is to be generated. Maximum length of 64 alpha-numeric characters. Special characters '\', '#' and '$' are not allowed.
- `organization_unit` (String) Section or Unit of the organization for which certificate is to be generated. Maximum length of 64 alpha-numeric characters. Special characters '\', '#' and '$' are not allowed.
- `state_province` (String) State or Province. Maximum length of 128 alpha-numeric characters. Special characters '\', '#' and '$' are not allowed.
- `valid_time` (Number) Requested validity days for the certificate. Value ranges from 1 to 3650 days.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `message` (String) Messages returned after module execution.
- `state` (String) Status after module execution.
