---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_import_role Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_import_role (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the role to be executed.

### Optional

- `allow_duplicates` (Boolean) Overrides the role's metadata setting to allow using a role more than once with the same parameters.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `defaults_from` (String) File to load from a role's `defaults/` directory.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `handlers_from` (String) File to load from a role's `handlers/` directory.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `public` (Boolean) This option dictates whether the role's `vars` and `defaults` are exposed to the play. Variables are exposed to the play at playbook parsing time, and available to earlier roles and tasks as well unlike `include_role`. The default depends on the configuration option DEFAULT_PRIVATE_ROLE_VARS.
- `rolespec_validate` (Boolean) Perform role argument spec validation if an argument spec is defined.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tasks_from` (String) File to load from a role's `tasks/` directory.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vars_from` (String) File to load from a role's `vars/` directory.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
