---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_infinidat_infinibox_infini_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_infinidat_infinibox_infini_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Creates/Modifies user when present or removes when absent. Use state 'login' to test user credentials. Use state 'reset' to reset a user password.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_email` (String) The new user's Email address
- `user_enabled` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable the user
- `user_ldap_group_dn` (String) DN of the LDAP user group
- `user_ldap_group_ldap` (String) Name of the LDAP
- `user_ldap_group_name` (String) Name of the LDAP user group
- `user_ldap_group_pools` (String) A list of existing pools managed by the LDAP user group
- `user_ldap_group_role` (String) Role for the LDAP user group
- `user_name` (String) The new user's Name. Once a user is created, the user_name may not be changed from this module. It may be changed from the UI or from infinishell.
- `user_password` (String) The new user's password
- `user_pool` (String) Use with role==pool_admin. Specify the new user's pool.
- `user_role` (String) The user's role

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
