---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_infinidat_infinibox_infini_network_space Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_infinidat_infinibox_infini_network_space (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Network space name

### Optional

- `async_only` (Boolean) Run asynchronously only.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `default_gateway` (String) Default gateway.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interfaces` (String) A list of interface IDs for the space.
- `ips` (String) List of IPs.
- `mtu` (Number) Set an MTU. If not specified, defaults to 1500 bytes.
- `netmask` (Number) Network mask.
- `network` (String) Starting IP address.
- `network_config` (String) A network description.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rate_limit` (Number) Specify the throughput limit per node. The limit is specified in Mbps, megabits per second (not megabytes). Note the limit affects NFS, iSCSI and async-replication traffic. It does not affect sync-replication or active-active traffic.
- `service` (String) Choose a service.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Creates/Modifies network spaces when present. Removes when absent. Shows status when stat.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
