---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_infinidat_infinibox_infini_fs Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_infinidat_infinibox_infini_fs (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `pool` (String) Pool that will host file system.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fs_type` (String) Specifies the file system type, regular or snapshot.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) File system name.
- `parent_fs_name` (String) Specify a fs name. This is the fs parent for creating a snapshot. Required if fs_type is snapshot.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `restore_fs_from_snapshot` (Boolean) Specify true to restore a file system (parent_fs_name) from an existing snapshot specified by the name field. State must be set to present and fs_type must be 'snapshot'.
- `serial` (String) Serial number matching an existing file system.
- `size` (String) File system size in MB, GB or TB units. See examples.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot_lock_expires_at` (String) This will cause a snapshot to be locked at the specified date-time. Uses python's datetime format YYYY-mm-dd HH:MM:SS.ffffff, e.g. 2020-02-13 16:21:59.699700
- `snapshot_lock_only` (Boolean) This will lock an existing snapshot but will suppress refreshing the snapshot.
- `state` (String) Creates/Modifies file system when present or removes when absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `thin_provision` (Boolean) Whether the master file system should be thin or thick provisioned.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `write_protected` (String) Specifies if the file system should be write protected. Default will be True for snapshots, False for master file systems.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
