---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_infinidat_infinibox_infini_notification_rule Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_infinidat_infinibox_infini_notification_rule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the rule

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `event_level` (String) Event levels
- `exclude_events` (String) Exclued events
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `include_events` (String) Included events
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `recipient_target_name` (String) When creating a rule using recipients, a notification target is required. Usually, this target is named "customer-smtp". If this is not the case, use this variable to specifiy another name.
- `recipients` (String) Email list of the recipients Recipients and target are exclusive to each other, i.e. only recipients or target should be used, don't use both at the same time.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Query or modifies config.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target` (String) Notification target Recipients and target are exclusive to each other, i.e. only recipients or target should be used, don't use both at the same time.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
