---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_infinidat_infinibox_infini_infinimetrics Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_infinidat_infinibox_infini_infinimetrics (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `ibox_serial` (String) Infinibox serial number.
- `imx_password` (String) Infinimetrics user password.
- `imx_system` (String) Infinimetrics hostname or IPv4 Address.
- `imx_user` (String) Infinimetrics user name.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ibox_readonly_password` (String) Read only Infinibox user password.
- `ibox_readonly_user` (String) Read only Infinibox user name.
- `ibox_url` (String) Infinibox DNS resolvable hostname or IPv4 address.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Registers the Infinibox with Infinimetrics, when using state present. For state absent, the Infinibox is disabled on Infinimetrics and will no longer appear on the Infinimetrics UI. State search_iboxes returns a json dictionary of information for Infiniboxes registered with the Infinimetrics. Existing Infinibox data is not purged from Infinimetrics. Purging may be executed using the Infinimetrics CLI tool.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
