---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_infinidat_infinibox_infini_vol Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_infinidat_infinibox_infini_vol (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Volume name.
- `parent_volume_name` (String) Specify a volume name. This is the volume parent for creating a snapshot. Required if volume_type is snapshot.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pool` (String) Pool that master volume will reside within.  Required for creating a master volume, but not a snapshot.
- `restore_volume_from_snapshot` (Boolean) Specify true to restore a volume (parent_volume_name) from an existing snapshot specified by the name field. State must be set to present and volume_type must be 'snapshot'.
- `serial` (String) Volume serial number.
- `size` (String) Volume size in MB, GB or TB units.  Required for creating a master volume, but not a snapshot
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot_lock_expires_at` (String) This will cause a snapshot to be locked at the specified date-time. Uses python's datetime format YYYY-mm-dd HH:MM:SS.ffffff, e.g. 2020-02-13 16:21:59.699700
- `snapshot_lock_only` (Boolean) This will lock an existing snapshot but will suppress refreshing the snapshot.
- `state` (String) Creates/Modifies master volume or snapshot when present or removes when absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `thin_provision` (Boolean) Whether the master volume should be thin or thick provisioned.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `volume_type` (String) Specifies the volume type, regular volume or snapshot.
- `write_protected` (String) Specifies if the volume should be write protected. Default will be True for snapshots, False for regular volumes.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
