---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_infoblox_nios_modules_nios_range Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_infoblox_nios_modules_nios_range (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `end_addr` (String) Configures IP address this object instance is to end at. If 'new_end_addr' is defined during a create operation this value is overridden with the value of 'new_end_addr'
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `network` (String) Specifies the network to add or remove DHCP range to.  The value should use CIDR notation.
- `start_addr` (String) Configures IP address this object instance is to begin from. If 'new_start_addr' is defined during a create operation this value is overridden with the value of 'new_start_addr'

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Configures a text string comment to be associated with the instance of this object.  The provided text string will be configured on the object instance.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether a range is disabled or not. When this is set to False, the range is enabled.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `extattrs` (String) Allows for the configuration of Extensible Attributes on the instance of the object.  This argument accepts a set of key / value pairs for configuration.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `failover_association` (String) The name of the DHCP failover association which will be configured to server this object instance. A failover of MS or Nios members can be configured. Can not be configured when 'ms_server' or 'member' are configured.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `member` (String) The hostname of the Nios member which will be configured to server this object instance. Can not be configured when 'ms_server' or 'failover_association' are configured.
- `ms_server` (String) The hostname of the MS member which will be configured to server this object instance. Can not be configured when 'member' or 'failover_association' are configured.
- `name` (String) Congifured the name of the Microsoft scope for the instance of the object on the NIOS server.
- `network_view` (String) Configures the name of the network view to associate with this configured instance.
- `new_end_addr` (String) Configures IP address to update this object instance to end at.
- `new_start_addr` (String) Configures IP address to update this object instance to begin from.
- `options` (String) Configures the set of DHCP options to be included as part of the configured network instance.  This argument accepts a list of values (see suboptions).  When configuring suboptions at least one of `name` or `num` must be specified.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `server_association_type` (String) Configured the type of server association that will be assigned to serve this object instance. This value is not required and will be set as needed automatically during module execution.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Configures the intended state of the instance of the object on the NIOS server.  When this value is set to `present`, the object is configured on the device and when this value is set to `absent` the value is removed (if necessary) from the device.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
