---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_infoblox_nios_modules_nios_network Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_infoblox_nios_modules_nios_network (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `network` (String) Specifies the network to add or remove from the system.  The value should use CIDR notation.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Configures a text string comment to be associated with the instance of this object.  The provided text string will be configured on the object instance.
- `container` (Boolean) If set to true it'll create the network container to be added or removed from the system.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `extattrs` (String) Allows for the configuration of Extensible Attributes on the instance of the object.  This argument accepts a set of key / value pairs for configuration.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `logic_filter_rules` (String) Configures the logic filter rules to be applied to the network object. This argument accepts a list of logic filter rules (see suboptions). When omitted a default value of an empty list is used.
- `members` (String) Configures the Nios Menber assignment for the configured network instance. This argument accepts a list of member names (see suboptions). When omitted a default value of an empty list is used. If the field 'container' is set to true this field is ignored.
- `network_view` (String) Configures the name of the network view to associate with this configured instance.
- `options` (String) Configures the set of DHCP options to be included as part of the configured network instance.  This argument accepts a list of values (see suboptions).  When configuring suboptions at least one of `name` or `num` must be specified.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Configures the intended state of the instance of the object on the NIOS server.  When this value is set to `present`, the object is configured on the device and when this value is set to `absent` the value is removed (if necessary) from the device.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template` (String) If set on creation, the network is created according to the values specified in the selected template.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_logic_filter_rules` (Boolean) If set to true it'll override the logic filter list applied at an upper level.
- `vlans` (String) Configures the set of vlans to be included as part of the configured network instance.  This argument accepts a list of values (see suboptions).  When configuring suboptions at least one of `name` or `id` must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
