---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_infoblox_nios_modules_nios_ptr_record Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_infoblox_nios_modules_nios_ptr_record (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `ptrdname` (String) The domain name of the DNS PTR record in FQDN format.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Configures a text string comment to be associated with the instance of this object.  The provided text string will be configured on the object instance. Maximum 256 characters.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `extattrs` (String) Allows for the configuration of Extensible Attributes on the instance of the object.  This argument accepts a set of key / value pairs for configuration.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the record. Mutually exclusive with the ipv6addr.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the record. Mutually exclusive with the ipv4addr.
- `name` (String) The name of the DNS PTR record in FQDN format to add or remove from the system. The field is required only for an PTR object in Forward Mapping Zone.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Configures the intended state of the instance of the object on the NIOS server.  When this value is set to `present`, the object is configured on the device and when this value is set to `absent` the value is removed (if necessary) from the device.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `ttl` (Number) Time To Live (TTL) value for the record. A 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, that the record is valid (cached). Zero indicates that the record should not be cached.
- `view` (String) Sets the DNS view to associate this a record with. The DNS view must already be configured on the system.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
