---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_infoblox_nios_modules_nios_adminuser Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_infoblox_nios_modules_nios_adminuser (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `admin_groups` (String) The names of the Admin Groups to which this Admin User belongs. Currently, this is limited to only one Admin Group.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the adminuser name to add or remove from the system. Users can also update the name as it is possible to pass a dict containing *new_name*, *old_name*. See examples.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_method` (String) Authentication method for the admin user.
- `auth_type` (String) Authentication type for the admin user.
- `ca_certificate_issuer` (String) The CA certificate that is used for user lookup during authentication.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client_certificate_serial_number` (String) The serial number of the client certificate.
- `comment` (String) Configures a text string comment to be associated with the instance of this object.  The provided text string will be configured on the object instance.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether the admin user is disabled or not. When this is set to False, the admin user is enabled.
- `email` (String) Email address of the admin user.
- `enable_certificate_authentication` (Boolean) Determines whether the user is allowed to log in only with the certificate. Regular username/password authentication will be disabled for this user.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `extattrs` (String) Allows for the configuration of Extensible Attributes on the instance of the object.  This argument accepts a set of key / value pairs for configuration.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) The password for the administrator to use when logging in.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssh_keys` (String) List of SSH keys for the admin user.
- `state` (String) Configures the intended state of the instance of the object on the NIOS server.  When this value is set to `present`, the object is configured on the device and when this value is set to `absent` the value is removed (if necessary) from the device.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `time_zone` (String) The time zone for this admin user.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_ssh_keys` (Boolean) Enable/disable the ssh keypair authentication.
- `use_time_zone` (Boolean) Use flag for *time_zone*.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
