---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_infoblox_nios_modules_nios_extensible_attribute Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_infoblox_nios_modules_nios_extensible_attribute (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Configures the intended name of the instance of the object on the NIOS server.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Configures a text string comment to be associated with the instance of this object. The provided text string will be configured on the object instance.
- `default_value` (String) Configures the default value which is pre populated in the GUI when this attribute is used. Email, URL and string types the value is a with a maximum of 256 characters.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `flags` (String) This field contains extensible attribute flags. The possible values are (A)udited, (C)loud API, Cloud (G)master, (I)nheritable, (L)isted, (M)andatory value, MGM (P)rivate, (R)ead Only, (S)ort enum values, Multiple (V)alues. If there are two or more flags in the field, you must list them according to the order they are listed above. For example, "CR" is a valid value for the "flags" field because C = Cloud API is listed before R = Read only. However, the value "RC" is invalid because the order for the "flags" field is broken.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `list_values` (String) Configures a list of preset values associated with the instance of this object. Only applicable when the attribute type is set to ENUM.
- `max` (Number) Configures the maximum value to be associated with the instance of this object. When provided for an extensible attribute of type STRING the value represents the maximum number of characters the string can contain. When provided for an extensible attribute of type INTEGER the value represents the maximum integer value permitted.Not applicable for other attributes types.
- `min` (Number) Configures the minimum value to be associated with the instance of this object. When provided for an extensible attribute of type STRING the value represents the minimum number of characters the string can contain. When provided for an extensible attribute of type INTEGER the value represents the minimum integer value permitted. Not applicable for other attributes types.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Configures the intended state of the instance of the object on the NIOS server.  When this value is set to `present`, the object is configured on the device and when this value is set to `absent` the value is removed (if necessary) from the device.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Configures the intended type for this attribute object definition on the NIOS server.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
