---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_inspur_ispim_edit_ntp Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_inspur_ispim_edit_ntp (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_date` (String) Date auto synchronize.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `max_variety` (Number) NTP Maximum jump time(minute),max variety(1-60). Only the M6 model supports this parameter.
- `ntp_time` (String) NTP time(YYYYmmddHHMMSS). Only the M5 model supports this parameter.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `server1` (String) NTP Server1(ipv4 or ipv6 or domain name), set when auto_dateis enable.
- `server2` (String) NTP Server2(ipv4 or ipv6 or domain name), set when auto_date is enable.
- `server3` (String) NTP Server3(ipv4 or ipv6 or domain name), set when auto_date is enable.
- `server4` (String) NTP Server1(ipv4 or ipv6 or domain name), set when auto_dateis enable.
- `server5` (String) NTP Server2(ipv4 or ipv6 or domain name), set when auto_date is enable.
- `server6` (String) NTP Server3(ipv4 or ipv6 or domain name), set when auto_date is enable.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `syn_cycle` (Number) NTP syn cycle(minute),sync cycle(5-1440).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `time_zone` (String) UTC time zone,chose from {-12, -11.5, -11, ... ,11,11.5,12}.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `message` (String) Messages returned after module execution.
- `state` (String) Status after module execution.
