---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_inspur_ispim_user_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_inspur_ispim_user_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Group name. The range of group name for M6 model is OEM1,OEM2,OEM3,OEM4.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `debug` (String) Debug diagnose privilege. Required when *state=present*. Only the M6 model supports this parameter.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `general` (String) General configuration privilege. Required when *state=present*. Only the M6 model supports this parameter.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `kvm` (String) Remote KVM configuration privilege. Required when *state=present*. Only the M6 model supports this parameter.
- `media` (String) Remote media configuration privilege. Required when *state=present*. Only the M6 model supports this parameter.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `power` (String) Power control privilege. Required when *state=present*. Only the M6 model supports this parameter.
- `pri` (String) Group privilege. Required when *state=present*. Only the M5 model supports this parameter.
- `security` (String) Security configuration privilege. Required when *state=present*. Only the M6 model supports this parameter.
- `self` (String) Itself configuration privilege. Required when *state=present*. Only the M6 model supports this parameter.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the user group should exist or not, taking action if the state is different from what is stated.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `message` (String) Messages returned after module execution.
