---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_inspur_ispim_edit_virtual_media Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_inspur_ispim_edit_virtual_media (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `local_media_support` (String) To enable or disable Local Media Support,check or uncheck the checkbox respectively. Only the M5 model supports this parameter.
- `mount` (String) Whether to mount virtual media. Only the M5 model supports this parameter.
- `mount_type` (String) Virtual mount type. The *FD* option is not supported in M6.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remote_domain_name` (String) Remote Domain Name,Domain Name field is optional.
- `remote_media_support` (String) To enable or disable Remote Media support,check or uncheck the checbox respectively.
- `remote_password` (String) Remote Password. Required when *remote_share_type=cifs*.
- `remote_server_address` (String) Address of the server where the remote media images are stored.
- `remote_share_type` (String) Share Type of the remote media server either NFS or Samba(CIFS).
- `remote_source_path` (String) Source path to the remote media images..
- `remote_user_name` (String) Remote User Name. Required when *remote_share_type=cifs*.
- `same_settings` (Number) Same settings with CD,0 is No,1 is Yes. Required when *mount_type=0*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `message` (String) Messages returned after module execution.
- `state` (String) Status after module execution.
