---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_inspur_ispim_edit_service Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_inspur_ispim_edit_service (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `service_name` (String) Displays service name of the selected slot(readonly). The *vnc* option is not supported in M5. The *fd-media/telnet/snmp* option is not supported in M6.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interface` (String) It shows the interface in which service is running. The user can choose any one of the available interfaces. Only the M5 model supports this parameter.
- `non_secure_port` (Number) Used to configure non secure port number for the service. Port value ranges from 1 to 65535.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `secure_port` (Number) Used to configure secure port number for the service. Port value ranges from 1 to 65535.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Displays the current status of the service, either active or inactive state. Check this option to start the inactive service.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `message` (String) Messages returned after module execution.
