---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_junipernetworks_junos_junos_package Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_junipernetworks_junos_junos_package (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `src` (String) The *src* argument specifies the path to the source package to be installed on the remote device in the advent of a version mismatch. The *src* argument can be either a localized path or a full path to the package file to install.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) The *force* argument instructs the module to bypass the package version check and install the packaged identified in *src* on the remote device.
- `force_host` (Boolean) The *force_host* argument controls the way software package or bundle is added on remote JUNOS host and is applicable for JUNOS QFX5100 device. If the value is set to `True` it will ignore any warnings while adding the host software package or bundle.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `issu` (Boolean) The *issu* argument is a boolean flag when set to `True` allows unified in-service software upgrade (ISSU) feature which enables you to upgrade between two different Junos OS releases with no disruption on the control plane and with minimal disruption of traffic.
- `no_copy` (Boolean) The *no_copy* argument is responsible for instructing the remote device on where to install the package from.  When enabled, the package is transferred to the remote device prior to installing.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `provider` (String) **Deprecated** Starting with Ansible 2.5 we recommend using `connection: network_cli` or `connection: netconf`. For more information please see the [Junos OS Platform Options guide]( ../network/user_guide/platform_junos.html). HORIZONTALLINE A dict object containing connection details.
- `reboot` (Boolean) In order for a package to take effect, the remote device must be restarted.  When enabled, this argument will instruct the module to reboot the device once the updated package has been installed. If disabled or the remote package does not need to be changed, the device will not be started.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssh_config` (String) The `ssh_config` argument is path to the SSH configuration file. This can be used to load SSH information from a configuration file. If this option is not given by default ~/.ssh/config is queried.
- `ssh_private_key_file` (String) The `ssh_private_key_file` argument is path to the SSH private key file. This can be used if you need to provide a private key rather than loading the key into the ssh-key-ring/environment
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unlink` (Boolean) The *unlink* argument is responsible for instructing the remote device to remove the installation packages after installation.
- `validate` (Boolean) The *validate* argument is responsible for instructing the remote device to skip checking the current device configuration compatibility with the package being installed. When set to false validation is not performed.
- `version` (String) The *version* argument can be used to explicitly specify the version of the package that should be installed on the remote device.  If the *version* argument is not specified, then the version is extracts from the *src* filename.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
