---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_kaytus_ksmanage_edit_media_instance Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_kaytus_ksmanage_edit_media_instance (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `kvm_num_cd` (Number) Select the number of Remote KVM CD/DVD devices that support for virtual Media redirection. The max support number of html5 KVM is 2 and java KVM is 4.
- `kvm_num_fd` (Number) Select the number of Remote KVM floppy devices that support for Virtual Media redirection.
- `kvm_num_hd` (Number) Select the number of Remote KVM Hard disk devices to support for Virtual Media redirection.
- `num_cd` (Number) Select the number of CD/DVD devices that support for Virtual Media redirection.
- `num_fd` (Number) Select the number of floppy devices that support for Virtual Media redirection.
- `num_hd` (Number) Select the number of harddisk devices that support for Virtual Media redirection.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `power_save_mode` (String) Check this option to enable Power Save Mode in BMC.
- `sd_media` (String) Check this option to enable SD Media support in BMC.
- `secure_channel` (String) Check this option to enable encrypt media recirection packets. Only the M5/M6 model supports this parameter.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `message` (String) Messages returned after module execution.
- `state` (String) Status after module execution.
