---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_kaytus_ksmanage_edit_pdisk Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_kaytus_ksmanage_edit_pdisk (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `action` (String) Action while set physical drive hotspare. Required when *option=HS*. Only the M5 model supports this parameter.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `ctrl_id` (Number) Raid controller ID.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device_id` (Number) Physical drive id.
- `duration` (Number) Duration range is 1-255, physical drive under PMC raid controller. Required when *option=LOC*. Only the M6 model supports this parameter.
- `encl` (String) IsEnclAffinity while set physical drive hotspare. Required when *option=HS* and *action=dedicate*. Only the M5 model supports this parameter.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `logical_drivers` (String) Logical Drivers while set physical drive hotspare, input multiple Logical Drivers index like 0, 1, 2..... Required when *option=HS* and *action=dedicate*. Only the M5 model supports this parameter.
- `option` (String) Set operation options for a physical disk. UG is Unconfigured Good, UB is Unconfigured Bad. OFF is offline, FAIL is Failed, RBD is Rebuild. ON is Online, JB is JBOD, ES is Drive Erase stop. EM is Drive Erase Simple, EN is Drive Erase Normal. ET is Drive Erase Through, LOC is Locate, STL is Stop Locate. HS is Hot spare. Only the M5 model supports `HS` Settings.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `revertible` (String) IsRevertible while set physical drive hotspare. Required when *option=HS* and *action=dedicate*. Only the M5 model supports this parameter.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `message` (String) Messages returned after module execution.
- `state` (String) Status after module execution.
