---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_kaytus_ksmanage_edit_ipv6 Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_kaytus_ksmanage_edit_ipv6 (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `interface_name` (String) Set interface name. Select the LAN interface to be configured.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipv6_address` (String) If DHCP is disabled, specify a static IPv6 address to be configured for the selected interface. Required when *ipv6_dhcp_enable=static*.
- `ipv6_dhcp_enable` (String) Enable 'Enable DHCP' to dynamically configure IPv6 address using Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP).
- `ipv6_gateway` (String) If DHCP is disabled, specify a static Default Gateway to be configured for the selected interface. Required when *ipv6_dhcp_enable=static*.
- `ipv6_index` (Number) Ipv6 index(0-15). Required when *ipv6_dhcp_enable=static*.
- `ipv6_prefix` (Number) The subnet prefix length for the IPv6 settings(0-128). Required when *ipv6_dhcp_enable=static*.
- `ipv6_status` (String) Enable or disable IPV6.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `message` (String) Messages returned after module execution.
- `state` (String) Status after module execution.
