---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_known_hosts Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_known_hosts (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The host to add or remove (must match a host specified in key). It will be converted to lowercase so that C(ssh-keygen) can find it. Must match with <hostname> or <ip> present in key attribute. For custom SSH port, O(name) needs to specify port as well. See example section.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hash_host` (Boolean) Hash the hostname in the known_hosts file.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key` (String) The SSH public host key, as a string. Required if O(state=present), optional when O(state=absent), in which case all keys for the host are removed. The key must be in the right format for SSH (see sshd(8), section "SSH_KNOWN_HOSTS FILE FORMAT"). Specifically, the key should not match the format that is found in an SSH pubkey file, but should rather have the hostname prepended to a line that includes the pubkey, the same way that it would appear in the known_hosts file. The value prepended to the line must also match the value of the name parameter. Should be of format C(<hostname[,IP]> ssh-rsa <pubkey>). For custom SSH port, O(key) needs to specify port as well. See example section.
- `path` (String) The known_hosts file to edit. The known_hosts file will be created if needed. The rest of the path must exist prior to running the module.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) V(present) to add host keys. V(absent) to remove host keys.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) Full raw JSON result from Ansible
