---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_kubernetes_core_helm_plugin Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_kubernetes_core_helm_plugin (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `plugin_name` (String) Name of Helm plugin. Required only if `state=absent` or `state=latest`.
- `plugin_path` (String) Plugin path to a plugin on your local file system or a url of a remote VCS repo. If plugin path from file system is provided, make sure that tar is present on remote machine and not on Ansible controller. Required only if `state=present`.
- `plugin_version` (String) Plugin version to install. If this is not specified, the latest version is installed. Ignored when `state=absent` or `state=latest`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If `state=present` the Helm plugin will be installed. If `state=latest` the Helm plugin will be updated. Added in version 2.3.0. If `state=absent` the Helm plugin will be removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `command` (String) Full `helm` command built by this module, in case you want to re-run the command outside the module or debug a problem.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Info about successful command
- `rc` (Number) Helm plugin command return code
- `stderr` (String) Full `helm` command stderr, in case you want to display it or examine the event log
- `stdout` (String) Full `helm` command stdout, in case you want to display it or examine the event log
