---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_kubernetes_core_k8s_service Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_kubernetes_core_k8s_service (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Use to specify a Service object name.
- `namespace` (String) Use to specify a Service object namespace.

### Optional

- `apply` (Boolean) `apply` compares the desired resource definition with the previously supplied resource definition, ignoring properties that are automatically generated `apply` works better with Services than 'force=yes' mutually exclusive with `merge_type`
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `merge_type` (String) Whether to override the default patch merge approach with a specific type. By default, the strategic merge will typically be used. For example, Custom Resource Definitions typically aren't updatable by the usual strategic merge. You may want to use `merge` if you see "strategic merge patch format is not supported" See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/update-api-object-kubectl-patch/#use-a-json-merge-patch-to-update-a-deployment If more than one `merge_type` is given, the merge_types will be tried in order This defaults to `['strategic-merge', 'merge']`, which is ideal for using the same parameters on resource kinds that combine Custom Resources and built-in resources.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `ports` (String) A list of ports to expose. https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#multi-port-services
- `selector` (String) Label selectors identify objects this Service should apply to. https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of Service to create. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#publishing-services-service-types

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) The created, patched, or otherwise present Service object. Will be empty in the case of a deletion.
