---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_kubernetes_core_helm_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_kubernetes_core_helm_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `release_name` (String) Release name to manage.
- `release_namespace` (String) Kubernetes namespace where the chart should be installed.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `get_all_values` (Boolean) Set to `True` if you want to get all (computed) values of the release. When `False` (default), only user supplied values are returned.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `release_state` (String) Show releases as per their states. Default value is `deployed` and `failed`. If set to `all`, show all releases without any filter applied. If set to `deployed`, show deployed releases. If set to `failed`, show failed releases. If set to `pending`, show pending releases. If set to `superseded`, show superseded releases. If set to `uninstalled`, show uninstalled releases, if `helm uninstall --keep-history` was used. If set to `uninstalling`, show releases that are currently being uninstalled.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `status` (String) A dictionary of status output
