---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_kubernetes_core_helm_repository Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_kubernetes_core_helm_repository (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `repo_name` (String) Chart repository name.

### Optional

- `api_key` (String) Token used to authenticate with the API. Can also be specified via `K8S_AUTH_API_KEY` environment variable.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `binary_path` (String) The path of a helm binary to use.
- `ca_cert` (String) Path to a CA certificate used to authenticate with the API. The full certificate chain must be provided to avoid certificate validation errors. Can also be specified via `K8S_AUTH_SSL_CA_CERT` environment variable.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `context` (String) Helm option to specify which kubeconfig context to use. If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `K8S_AUTH_CONTEXT` will be used instead.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_update` (Boolean) Whether or not to replace (overwrite) the repo if it already exists.
- `host` (String) Provide a URL for accessing the API. Can also be specified via `K8S_AUTH_HOST` environment variable.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `insecure_skip_tls_verify` (Boolean) Skip tls certificate checks for the repository url.
- `kubeconfig` (String) Helm option to specify kubeconfig path to use. If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `K8S_AUTH_KUBECONFIG` will be used instead. The configuration can be provided as dictionary.
- `pass_credentials` (Boolean) Pass credentials to all domains.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `repo_password` (String) Chart repository password for repository with basic auth. Required if chart_repo_username is specified.
- `repo_state` (String) Desired state of repository.
- `repo_url` (String) Chart repository url
- `repo_username` (String) Chart repository username for repository with basic auth. Required if chart_repo_password is specified.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Whether or not to verify the API server's SSL certificates. Can also be specified via `K8S_AUTH_VERIFY_SSL` environment variable.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `command` (String) Full `helm` command built by this module, in case you want to re-run the command outside the module or debug a problem.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Error message returned by `helm` command
- `stderr` (String) Full `helm` command stderr, in case you want to display it or examine the event log
- `stderr_lines` (String) Full `helm` command stderr in list, in case you want to display it or examine the event log
- `stdout` (String) Full `helm` command stdout, in case you want to display it or examine the event log
- `stdout_lines` (String) Full `helm` command stdout in list, in case you want to display it or examine the event log
