---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_kubernetes_core_helm_registry_auth Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_kubernetes_core_helm_registry_auth (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) Provide a URL for accessing the registry.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `binary_path` (String) The path of a helm binary to use.
- `ca_file` (String) Path to the CA certificate SSL file for verify registry server certificate.
- `cert_file` (String) Path to the client certificate SSL file for identify registry client using this certificate file.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Allow connections to SSL sites without certs.
- `key_file` (String) Path to the client key SSL file for identify registry client using this key file.
- `password` (String) Password for the registry.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of the registry. If set to `present` attempt to log in to the remote registry server using the URL specified in `host`. If set to `absent` attempt to log out from the remote registry server using the URL specified in `host`. As helm >= 3.18.0 reports successful logout even if the user is not logged in, this module will report a change regardless of the current state.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Username for the registry.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `command` (String) Full `helm` command executed
- `failed` (Boolean) Indicate if the `helm` command failed
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `stderr` (String) Full `helm` command stderr, in case you want to display it or examine the event log. Please be note that helm binnary may print messages to stderr even if the command is successful.
- `stderr_lines` (String) Full `helm` command stderr, in case you want to display it or examine the event log
- `stdout` (String) Full `helm` command stdout, in case you want to display it or examine the event log
- `stout_lines` (String) Full `helm` command stdout, in case you want to display it or examine the event log
