---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_kubernetes_core_k8s_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_kubernetes_core_k8s_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `kind` (String) Use to specify an object model. Use to create, delete, or discover an object without providing a full resource definition. Use in conjunction with *api_version*, *name*, and *namespace* to identify a specific object. If *resource definition* is provided, the *kind* value from the *resource_definition* will override this option.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `field_selectors` (String) List of field selectors to use to filter results
- `hidden_fields` (String) Hide fields matching any of the field definitions in the result An example might be `hidden_fields=[metadata.managedFields]` or `hidden_fields=[spec.containers[0].env[3].value]` or `hidden_fields=[metadata.annotations[kubectl.kubernetes.io/last-applied-configuration]]`
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `label_selectors` (String) List of label selectors to use to filter results
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `api_found` (Boolean) Whether the specified api_version and kind were successfully mapped to an existing API on the targeted cluster. Version added 1.2.0.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `resources` (String) The object(s) that exists
