---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_kubernetes_core_helm_pull Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_kubernetes_core_helm_pull (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `chart_ref` (String) chart name on chart repository. absolute URL.
- `destination` (String) location to write the chart.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `binary_path` (String) The path of a helm binary to use.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chart_ca_cert` (String) Verify certificates of HTTPS-enabled servers using this CA bundle. Requires helm >= 3.1.0.
- `chart_devel` (Boolean) Use development versions, too. Equivalent to version '>0.0.0-0'. Mutually exclusive with `chart_version`.
- `chart_ssl_cert_file` (String) Identify HTTPS client using this SSL certificate file. Requires helm >= 3.1.0.
- `chart_ssl_key_file` (String) Identify HTTPS client using this SSL key file Requires helm >= 3.1.0.
- `chart_version` (String) Specify a version constraint for the chart version to use. This constraint can be a specific tag (e.g. 1.1.1) or it may reference a valid range (e.g. ^2.0.0). Mutually exclusive with `chart_devel`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `pass_credentials` (Boolean) Pass credentials to all domains.
- `plain_http` (Boolean) Use HTTP instead of HTTPS when working with OCI registries Requires Helm >= 3.13.0
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `provenance` (Boolean) Fetch the provenance file, but don't perform verification.
- `repo_password` (String) Chart repository password where to locate the requested chart. Required if `repo_username` is specified.
- `repo_url` (String) chart repository url where to locate the requested chart.
- `repo_username` (String) Chart repository username where to locate the requested chart. Required if `repo_password` is specified.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `skip_tls_certs_check` (Boolean) Whether or not to check tls certificate for the chart download. Requires helm >= 3.3.0. Alias `insecure_skip_tls_verify` added in 5.3.0.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `untar_chart` (Boolean) if set to true, will untar the chart after downloading it.
- `verify_chart` (Boolean) Verify the package before using it.
- `verify_chart_keyring` (String) location of public keys used for verification.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `command` (String) Full `helm pull` command built by this module, in case you want to re-run the command outside the module or debug a problem.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `rc` (Number) Helm pull command return code
- `stderr` (String) Full `helm pull` command stderr, in case you want to display it or examine the event log
- `stdout` (String) Full `helm pull` command stdout, in case you want to display it or examine the event log
