---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_kubernetes_core_helm_template Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_kubernetes_core_helm_template (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `chart_ref` (String) Chart reference with repo prefix, for example, `nginx-stable/nginx-ingress`. Path to a packaged chart. Path to an unpacked chart directory. Absolute URL.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `binary_path` (String) The path of a helm binary to use.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chart_repo_url` (String) Chart repository URL where the requested chart is located.
- `chart_version` (String) Chart version to use. If this is not specified, the latest version is installed.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dependency_update` (Boolean) Run helm dependency update before the operation. The *dependency_update* option require the add of `dependencies` block in `Chart.yaml/requirements.yaml` file. For more information please visit https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_dependency/
- `disable_hook` (Boolean) Prevent hooks from running during install.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `include_crds` (Boolean) Include custom resource descriptions in rendered templates.
- `insecure_registry` (Boolean) Skip TLS certificate checks for the chart download
- `output_dir` (String) Output directory where templates will be written. If the directory already exists, it will be overwritten.
- `plain_http` (Boolean) Use HTTP instead of HTTPS when working with OCI registries Requires Helm >= 3.13.0
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `release_name` (String) Release name to use in rendered templates.
- `release_namespace` (String) namespace scope for this request.
- `release_values` (String) Values to pass to chart.
- `set_values` (String) Values to pass to chart configuration.
- `show_only` (String) Only show manifests rendered from the given templates.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_repo_cache` (Boolean) Run `helm repo update` before the operation. Can be run as part of the template generation or as a separate step.
- `values_files` (String) Value files to pass to chart. Paths will be read from the target host's filesystem, not the host running ansible. *values_files* option is evaluated before *values* option if both are used. Paths are evaluated in the order the paths are specified.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `command` (String) Full `helm` command run by this module, in case you want to re-run the command outside the module or debug a problem.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `stderr` (String) Full `helm` command stderr, in case you want to display it or examine the event log.
- `stdout` (String) Full `helm` command stdout. If no *output_dir* has been provided this will contain the rendered templates as concatenated yaml documents.
