---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_kubernetes_core_helm Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_kubernetes_core_helm (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `release_name` (String) Release name to manage.
- `release_namespace` (String) Kubernetes namespace where the chart should be installed.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `atomic` (Boolean) If set, the installation process deletes the installation on failure.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chart_ref` (String) chart_reference on chart repository. path to a packaged chart. path to an unpacked chart directory. absolute URL. Required when *release_state* is set to `present`.
- `chart_repo_url` (String) Chart repository URL where to locate the requested chart.
- `chart_version` (String) Chart version to install. If this is not specified, the latest version is installed.
- `create_namespace` (Boolean) Create the release namespace if not present.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dependency_update` (Boolean) Run standalone `helm dependency update CHART` before the operation. Run inline `--dependency-update` with `helm install` command. This feature is not supported yet with the `helm upgrade` command. So we should consider to use *dependency_update* options with *replace* option enabled when specifying *chart_repo_url*. The *dependency_update* option require the add of `dependencies` block in `Chart.yaml/requirements.yaml` file. For more information please visit https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_dependency/
- `disable_hook` (Boolean) Helm option to disable hook on install/upgrade/delete.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Helm option to force reinstall, ignore on new install.
- `history_max` (Number) Limit the maximum number of revisions saved per release. mutually exclusive with with `replace`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `insecure_skip_tls_verify` (Boolean) Skip tls certificate checks for the chart download. Do not confuse with the `validate_certs` option. This option is only available for helm >= 3.16.0.
- `plain_http` (Boolean) Use HTTP instead of HTTPS when working with OCI registries Requires Helm >= 3.13.0
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `post_renderer` (String) Path to an executable to be used for post rendering.
- `purge` (Boolean) Remove the release from the store and make its name free for later use.
- `release_state` (String) Desirated state of release.
- `release_values` (String) Value to pass to chart.
- `replace` (Boolean) Reuse the given name, only if that name is a deleted release which remains in the history. This is unsafe in production environment. mutually exclusive with with `history_max`.
- `reset_then_reuse_values` (Boolean) When upgrading package, reset the values to the ones built into the chart, apply the last release's values and merge in any overrides from parameters `release_values`, `values_files` or `set_values`. If `reset_values` or `reuse_values` is set to `True`, this is ignored. This feature requires helm diff >= 3.9.12.
- `reset_values` (Boolean) When upgrading package, reset the values to the ones built into the chart.
- `reuse_values` (Boolean) When upgrading package, specifies wether to reuse the last release's values and merge in any overrides from parameters *release_values*, *values_files* or *set_values*. If *reset_values* is set to `True`, this is ignored.
- `set_values` (String) Values to pass to chart configuration
- `skip_crds` (Boolean) Skip custom resource definitions when installing or upgrading.
- `skip_schema_validation` (Boolean) Disables JSON schema validation for Chart and values. This feature requires helm >= 3.16.0
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `take_ownership` (Boolean) When upgrading, Helm will ignore the check for helm annotations and take ownership of the existing resources This feature requires helm >= 3.17.0
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_repo_cache` (Boolean) Run `helm repo update` before the operation. Can be run as part of the package installation or as a separate step (see Examples).
- `values_files` (String) Value files to pass to chart. Paths will be read from the target host's filesystem, not the host running ansible. values_files option is evaluated before values option if both are used. Paths are evaluated in the order the paths are specified.
- `wait` (Boolean) When *release_state* is set to `present`, wait until all Pods, PVCs, Services, and minimum number of Pods of a Deployment are in a ready state before marking the release as successful. When *release_state* is set to `absent`, will wait until all the resources are deleted before returning. It will wait for as long as *wait_timeout*. This feature requires helm>=3.7.0. Added in version 2.3.0.
- `wait_timeout` (String) Timeout when wait option is enabled (helm2 is a number of seconds, helm3 is a duration). The use of *wait_timeout* to wait for kubernetes commands to complete has been deprecated and will be removed after 2022-12-01.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `command` (String) Full `helm` command built by this module, in case you want to re-run the command outside the module or debug a problem.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `status` (String) A dictionary of status output
- `stderr` (String) Full `helm` command stderr, in case you want to display it or examine the event log
- `stdout` (String) Full `helm` command stdout, in case you want to display it or examine the event log
