---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_kubevirt_core_kubevirt_vm Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_kubevirt_core_kubevirt_vm (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `namespace` (String) Specify the namespace of the `VirtualMachine`.

### Optional

- `annotations` (String) Specify annotations to set on the `VirtualMachine`. Only used when `state=present`.
- `api_version` (String) Use this to set the API version of KubeVirt.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `data_volume_templates` (String) Specify the `DataVolume` templates of the `VirtualMachine`. See https://kubevirt.io/api-reference/main/definitions.html#_v1_datavolumetemplatespec
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_options` (String) Configure behavior when deleting an object. Only used when `state=absent`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) If set to `force=yes`, and `state=present` is set, an existing object will be replaced.
- `generate_name` (String) Specify the basis of the `VirtualMachine` name and random characters will be added automatically on the cluster to generate a unique name. Only used when `state=present`. Mutually exclusive with `name`.
- `hidden_fields` (String) Hide fields matching this option in the result. An example might be `hidden_fields=[metadata.managedFields]` or `hidden_fields=[metadata.annotations[kubemacpool.io/transaction-timestamp]]`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `instancetype` (String) Specify the `Instancetype` matcher of the `VirtualMachine`. Only used when `state=present`.
- `labels` (String) Specify labels to set on the `VirtualMachine`.
- `name` (String) Specify the name of the `VirtualMachine`. This option is ignored when `state=present` is not set. Mutually exclusive with `generate_name`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `preference` (String) Specify the `Preference` matcher of the `VirtualMachine`. Only used when `state=present`.
- `run_strategy` (String) Specify the `RunStrategy` of the `VirtualMachine`. Mutually exclusive with `running`.
- `running` (Boolean) Specify whether the `VirtualMachine` should be running or not. Mutually exclusive with `run_strategy`. Defaults to `running=yes` when `running` and `run_strategy` are not set.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `spec` (String) Specify the template spec of the `VirtualMachine`. See https://kubevirt.io/api-reference/main/definitions.html#_v1_virtualmachineinstancespec
- `state` (String) Determines if an object should be created, patched, or deleted. When set to `state=present`, an object will be created, if it does not already exist. If set to `state=absent`, an existing object will be deleted. If set to `state=present`, an existing object will be patched, if its attributes differ from those specified.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether to wait for the `VirtualMachine` to end up in the ready state.
- `wait_sleep` (Number) Number of seconds to sleep between checks. Ignored if `wait` is not set.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long in seconds to wait for the resource to end up in the ready state. Ignored if `wait` is not set.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) The created object. Will be empty in the case of a deletion.
