---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_kubernetes_core_k8s_cp Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_kubernetes_core_k8s_cp (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `namespace` (String) The pod namespace name.
- `pod` (String) The pod name.
- `remote_path` (String) Path of the file or directory to copy.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `container` (String) The name of the container in the pod to copy files/directories from/to. Defaults to the only container if there is only one container in the pod.
- `content` (String) When used instead of *local_path*, sets the contents of a local file directly to the specified value. Works only when *remote_path* is a file. Creates the file if it does not exist. For advanced formatting or if the content contains a variable, use the `ansible.builtin.template` module. Mutually exclusive with *local_path*.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `local_path` (String) Path of the local file or directory. Required when *state* is set to `from_pod`. Mutually exclusive with *content*.
- `no_preserve` (Boolean) The copied file/directory's ownership and permissions will not be preserved in the container. This option is ignored when *content* is set or when *state* is set to `from_pod`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When set to `to_pod`, the local *local_path* file or directory will be copied to *remote_path* into the pod. When set to `from_pod`, the remote file or directory *remote_path* from pod will be copied locally to *local_path*.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) message describing the copy operation successfully done.
