---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_kubevirt_core_kubevirt_vmi_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_kubevirt_core_kubevirt_vmi_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `api_version` (String) Use this to set the API version of KubeVirt.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `field_selectors` (String) List of field selectors to use to filter results.
- `hidden_fields` (String) Hide fields matching this option in the result. An example might be `hidden_fields=[metadata.managedFields]` or `hidden_fields=[metadata.annotations[kubemacpool.io/transaction-timestamp]]`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `label_selectors` (String) List of label selectors to use to filter results.
- `name` (String) Specify the name of the `VirtualMachineInstance`.
- `namespace` (String) Specify the namespace of `VirtualMachineInstances`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) Whether to wait for the `VirtualMachineInstance` to end up in the ready state. By default this is waiting for the `VirtualMachineInstance` to be up and running.
- `wait_sleep` (Number) Number of seconds to sleep between checks. Ignored if `wait` is not set.
- `wait_timeout` (Number) How long in seconds to wait for the resource to end up in the ready state. Ignored if `wait` is not set.

### Read-Only

- `api_found` (Boolean) Whether the specified `api_version` and `VirtualMachineInstance` `Kind` were successfully mapped to an existing API on the target cluster.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `resources` (String) The `VirtualMachineInstances` that exist.
