---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_lineinfile Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_lineinfile (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) The file to modify. Before Ansible 2.3 this option was only usable as `dest`, `destfile` and `name`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backrefs` (Boolean) Used with `state=present`. If set, `line` can contain backreferences (both positional and named) that will get populated if the `regexp` matches. This parameter changes the operation of the module slightly; `insertbefore` and `insertafter` will be ignored, and if the `regexp` does not match anywhere in the file, the file will be left unchanged. If the `regexp` does match, the last matching line will be replaced by the expanded line parameter. Mutually exclusive with `search_string`.
- `backup` (Boolean) Create a backup file including the timestamp information so you can get the original file back if you somehow clobbered it incorrectly.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `create` (Boolean) Used with `state=present`. If specified, the file will be created if it does not already exist. By default it will fail if the file is missing.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encoding` (String) The character set in which the target file is encoded. For a list of available built-in encodings, see https://docs.python.org/3/library/codecs.html#standard-encodings
- `environment` (Map of String) Environment variables set for the task (map of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `firstmatch` (Boolean) Used with `insertafter` or `insertbefore`. If set, `insertafter` and `insertbefore` will work with the first line that matches the given regular expression.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `insertafter` (String) Used with `state=present`. If specified, the line will be inserted after the last match of specified regular expression. If the first match is required, use(firstmatch=yes). A special value is available; `EOF` for inserting the line at the end of the file. If specified regular expression has no matches or no value is passed, `EOF` will be used instead. If `insertbefore` is set, default value `EOF` will be ignored. If regular expressions are passed to both `regexp` and `insertafter`, `insertafter` is only honored if no match for `regexp` is found. May not be used with `backrefs` or `insertbefore`.
- `insertbefore` (String) Used with `state=present`. If specified, the line will be inserted before the last match of specified regular expression. If the first match is required, use `firstmatch=yes`. A value is available; `BOF` for inserting the line at the beginning of the file. If specified regular expression has no matches, the line will be inserted at the end of the file. If regular expressions are passed to both `regexp` and `insertbefore`, `insertbefore` is only honored if no match for `regexp` is found. May not be used with `backrefs` or `insertafter`.
- `line` (String) The line to insert/replace into the file. Required for `state=present`. If `backrefs` is set, may contain backreferences that will get expanded with the `regexp` capture groups if the regexp matches.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `regexp` (String) The regular expression to look for in every line of the file. For `state=present`, the pattern to replace if found. Only the last line found will be replaced. For `state=absent`, the pattern of the line(s) to remove. If the regular expression is not matched, the line will be added to the file in keeping with `insertbefore` or `insertafter` settings. When modifying a line the regexp should typically match both the initial state of the line as well as its state after replacement by `line` to ensure idempotence. Uses Python regular expressions. See https://docs.python.org/3/library/re.html.
- `search_string` (String) The literal string to look for in every line of the file. This does not have to match the entire line. For `state=present`, the line to replace if the string is found in the file. Only the last line found will be replaced. For `state=absent`, the line(s) to remove if the string is in the line. If the literal expression is not matched, the line will be added to the file in keeping with `insertbefore` or `insertafter` settings. Mutually exclusive with `backrefs` and `regexp`.
- `state` (String) Whether the line should be there or not.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (Map of String) Arbitrary map of string values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
