---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_lowlydba_sqlserver_availability_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_lowlydba_sqlserver_availability_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ag_name` (String) Name of the Availability Group.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `all_ags` (Boolean) Apply changes to all availability groups on the instance. Only used for configuring existing availability groups.
- `allow_null_backup` (Boolean) Allow taking a full backup to `NULL` if one does not exist and *seeding_mode=Automatic*.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `automated_backup_preference` (String) How to handle backup requests by default.
- `availability_mode` (String) Whether the replica should be Asynchronous or Synchronous. Only used in creating a new availability group.
- `basic_availability_group` (Boolean) Indicates whether the availability group is Basic Availability Group.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster_type` (String) Cluster type of the Availability Group. Only supported in SQL Server 2017 and above.
- `contained_availability_group` (Boolean) Indicates whether the availability group is Contained. Requires DBATools >= 2.1.15
- `database` (String) Name of the database to create the Availability Group for.
- `database_health_trigger` (Boolean) Indicates whether the availability group triggers the database health.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dtc_support_enabled` (Boolean) Enables Dtc support.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `failover_mode` (String) Whether the replica have Automatic or Manual failover.
- `failure_condition_level` (String) Specifies the different conditions that can trigger an automatic failover in Availability Group.
- `force` (Boolean) Drop and recreate the database on remote servers using fresh backup.
- `healthcheck_timeout` (Number) This setting used to specify the length of time, in milliseconds, that the SQL Server resource DLL should wait for information returned by the `sp_server_diagnostics` stored procedure before reporting the Always On Failover Cluster Instance (FCI) as unresponsive. Changes that are made to the timeout settings are effective immediately and do not require a restart of the SQL Server resource.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_distributed_ag` (Boolean) Indicates whether the availability group is distributed.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `seeding_mode` (String) Default seeding mode for the replica. Should remain as the default otherwise manual setup may be required.
- `shared_path` (String) The network share where the backups will be backed up and restored from.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sql_instance_secondary` (String) The secondary SQL Server instance for the new Availability Group.
- `sql_password_secondary` (String) Password for SQL Authentication for the secondary replica.
- `sql_username_secondary` (String) Username for SQL Authentication for the secondary replica.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_last_backup` (Boolean) Use the last full and log backup of database. A log backup must be the last backup.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) Output from the `New-DbaAvailabilityGroup` or `Set-DbaAvailabilityGroup` function.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
