---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_lowlydba_sqlserver_dba_multitool Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_lowlydba_sqlserver_dba_multitool (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) Name of the target database.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `sql_instance` (String) The target SQL Server instance or instances. Server version must be SQL Server version 2005 or higher.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `branch` (String) Specifies an alternate branch of the DBA MultiTool to install.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) If this switch is enabled, the DBA MultiTool will be downloaded from the internet even if previously cached.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `local_file` (String) Specifies the path to a local file to install DBA MultiTool from. This should be the zip file as distributed by the maintainers. If this option is not specified, the latest version will be downloaded and installed from https://github.com/LowlyDBA/dba-multitool/.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) Modified output from the `Install-DbaMultitool` function.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
