---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_lowlydba_sqlserver_first_responder_kit Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_lowlydba_sqlserver_first_responder_kit (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) Name of the target database.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `branch` (String) Specifies an alternate branch of the First Responder Kit to install.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) If this switch is enabled, the FRK will be downloaded from the internet even if previously cached.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `local_file` (String) Specifies the path to a local file to install FRK from. This should be the zip file as distributed by the maintainers. If this option is not specified, the latest version will be downloaded and installed Github.
- `only_script` (String) Specifies the name(s) of the script(s) to run for installation. Wildcards are permitted. This way only part of the First Responder Kit can be installed.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) Modified output from the `Install-DbaFirstResponderKit` function.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
