---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_lowlydba_sqlserver_database Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_lowlydba_sqlserver_database (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) Name of the target database.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `compatibility` (String) Compatibility mode for the database. Follows the format of `Version90`, `Version100`, and so on. String is validated by `Set-DbaDbCompatibility`.
- `data_file_path` (String) Directory where the data files should be placed. Uses SQL Server's default if not supplied. Only used if database is being created.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `log_file_path` (String) Directory where the log files should be placed. Uses SQL Server's default if not supplied. Only used if database is being created.
- `maxdop` (Number) MAXDOP value for the database.
- `only_accessible` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable Read Committed Snapshot Isolation.
- `owner` (String) Database owner login.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rcsi` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable Read Committed Snapshot Isolation.
- `recovery_model` (String) Choose the recovery model for the database.
- `secondary_maxdop` (Number) MAXDOP value for the database when it is a non-primary replica in an availability group.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) Modified output from the `New-DbaDatabase`, `Set-DbaDatabase`, or `Remove-DbaDatabase` function.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
