---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_lowlydba_sqlserver_login Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_lowlydba_sqlserver_login (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `login` (String) Name of the login to configure.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `default_database` (String) Default database for the login.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the login is enabled or disabled.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `language` (String) Default language for the login. Only used when creating a new login, not when modifying an existing one.
- `password` (String) Password for the login, if SQL Authentication login.
- `password_expiration_enabled` (Boolean) Enforces password expiration policy. Requires *password_policy_enforced=true*.
- `password_must_change` (Boolean) Enforces user must change password at next login. When specified will enforce *password_expiration_enabled* and *password_policy_enforced* as they are required.
- `password_policy_enforced` (Boolean) Enforces password complexity policy.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `sid` (String) Provide an explicit Sid that should be used when creating the account.
- `skip_password_reset` (Boolean) Skips the password reset if the login exists and *password* is set.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) Output from the `New-DbaLogin`, `Set-DbaLogin`, or `Remove-DbaLogin` function.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
