---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_lowlydba_sqlserver_restore Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_lowlydba_sqlserver_restore (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) Path to SQL Server backup files. Paths passed in as strings will be scanned using the desired method, default is a recursive folder scan. Accepts multiple paths separated by `,`.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `azure_credential` (String) The name of the SQL Server credential to be used if restoring from an Azure hosted backup using Storage Access Keys.
- `block_size` (String) Specifies block size to use.
- `buffer_count` (Number) Number of I/O buffers to use.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `database` (String) The database to process.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `destination_data_directory` (String) Path to restore the SQL Server backups to on the target instance. If only this option is specified, then all database files (data and log) will be restored to this location
- `destination_file_prefix` (String) This value will be prefixed to **all** restored files (log and data).
- `destination_file_suffix` (String) This value will be suffixed to **all** restored files (log and data).
- `destination_filestream_directory` (String) Path to restore FileStream data to. This option can only be specified alongside *destination_data_directory*.
- `destination_log_directory` (String) Path to restore the database log files to. This option can only be specified alongside *destination_data_directory*.
- `directory_recurse` (Boolean) If specified the specified directory will be recursed into (overriding the default behaviour).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_diff_backup` (Boolean) Indicates to skip restoring any differential backups.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_log_backup` (Boolean) Indicates to skip restoring any log backups.
- `keep_cdc` (Boolean) Indicates whether CDC information should be restored as part of the database.
- `keep_replication` (Boolean) Indicates whether replication configuration should be restored as part of the database restore operation.
- `maintenance_solution_backup` (Boolean) Switch to indicate the backup files are in a folder structure as created by Ola Hallengreen's maintenance scripts. This allows for faster file parsing.
- `max_transfer_size` (Number) Sets the size of the unit of transfer. Values must be a multiple of 64kb.
- `no_recovery` (Boolean) Indicates if the databases should be recovered after last restore.
- `no_xp_dir_recurse` (Boolean) If specified, prevents the `XpDirTree` process from recursing (its default behaviour).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `replace_db_name_in_file` (Boolean) If switch set any occurrence of the original database's name in a data or log file will be replace with the name specified in the *database_name* option.
- `restore_time` (String) Specify a datetime string `HH:MM:SS MM/DD/YYYY` to which you want the database restored to. Default is to the latest point available in the specified backups.
- `restored_database_name_prefix` (String) A string which will be prefixed to the start of the restore Database's name.
- `reuse_source_folder_structure` (Boolean) By default, databases will be migrated to the destination Sql Server's default data and log directories. You can override this by using `reuse_source_folder_structure`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `standby_directory` (String) If a directory is specified the database(s) will be restored into a standby state, with the standby file placed into this directory (which must exist, and be writable by the target Sql Server instance).
- `stop_after_date` (String) By default the restore will stop at the first occurence of *stop_mark* found in the chain, passing a datetime string `HH:MM:SS MM/DD/YYYY` will cause it to stop the first *stop_mark* after that datetime.
- `stop_before` (Boolean) Switch to indicate the restore should stop before *stop_mark* occurs, default is to stop when mark is created.
- `stop_mark` (String) Marked point in the transaction log to stop the restore at.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_destination_default_directories` (Boolean) Switch that tells the restore to use the default Data and Log locations on the target server. If they don't exist, the function will try to create them.
- `verify_only` (Boolean) Indicates the restore should be verified only.
- `with_replace` (Boolean) Indicates if the restore is allowed to replace an existing database.
- `xp_dirtree` (Boolean) Switch that indicated file scanning should be performed by the SQL Server instance using `xp_dirtree`. This will scan recursively from the passed in path. You must have sysadmin role membership on the instance for this to work.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) Modified output from the `Restore-DbaDatabase` function.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
