---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_lowlydba_sqlserver_rg_workload_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_lowlydba_sqlserver_rg_workload_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `resource_pool` (String) Name of the resource pool for the workload group.
- `workload_group` (String) Name of the target workload group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `group_max_requests` (Number) Specifies the maximum number of simultaneous requests that are allowed to execute in the workload group.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `importance` (String) Specifies the relative importance of a request in the workload group.
- `max_dop` (Number) Specifies the maximum degree of parallelism (MAXDOP) for parallel query execution.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `request_max_cpu_time` (Number) Specifies the maximum amount of CPU time, in seconds, that a request can use.
- `request_max_mem_grant_perc` (Number) Specifies the maximum amount of memory that a single request can take from the pool.
- `request_mem_grant_timeout_sec` (Number) Specifies the maximum time, in seconds, that a query can wait for a memory grant (work buffer memory) to become available.
- `resource_pool_type` (String) Specify the type of resource pool.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) Output from the `Set-DbaRgWorkloadGroup`, `New-DbaRgWorkloadGroup`, or `Remove-DbaRgWorkloadGroup` function.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
