---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_lowlydba_sqlserver_backup Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_lowlydba_sqlserver_backup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `database` (String) The database to process.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `azure_base_url` (String) The URL to the base container of an Azure Storage account to write backups to.
- `azure_credential` (String) The name of the credential on the SQL instance that can write to the *azure_base_url*, only needed if using Storage access keys If using SAS credentials, the command will look for a credential with a name matching the *azure_base_url*.
- `block_size` (String) Specifies block size to use.
- `buffer_count` (Number) Number of I/O buffers to use.
- `build_path` (Boolean) By default this command will not attempt to create missing paths, this switch will change the behaviour so that it will.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `checksum` (Boolean) If set, the backup checksum will be calculated.
- `compress` (Boolean) If set, use compression when creating the backup if it is supported by the version and edition.
- `copy_only` (Boolean) The backup will be CopyOnly.
- `create_folder` (Boolean) If set, database is backed up to its own subfolder within the path.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encryption_algorithm` (String) Specifies the Encryption Algorithm to used.
- `encryption_certificate` (String) The name of the certificate to be used to encrypt the backups.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `file_count` (Number) The number of striped files to create the backup with.
- `file_path` (String) The name of the file to backup to. If no name is specified then the backup files will be named `DatabaseName_yyyyMMddHHmm` (i.e. `Database1_201714022131`)
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_file_checks` (Boolean) If set, stops the function from checking path validity.
- `increment_prefix` (Boolean) If set, this will prefix backup files with an incrementing integer (ie; `1-`, `2-`). Using this has been alleged to improved restore times on some Azure based SQL Database platforms.
- `initialize` (Boolean) Initializes the media as part of the backup operation.
- `max_transfer_size` (Number) Sets the size of the unit of transfer. Values must be a multiple of 64kb.
- `no_recovery` (Boolean) If set, performs a tail log backup.
- `path` (String) Path in which to place the backup files. If not specified, the backups will be placed in the default backup location for SqlInstance.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `replace_in_name` (Boolean) If set, the following list of strings will be replaced in the FilePath and Path strings. `instancename` - will be replaced with the instance Name `servername` - will be replaced with the server name `dbname` - will be replaced with the database name `timestamp` - will be replaced with the timestamp (either the default, or the format provided) `backuptype` - will be replaced with `Full`, `Log`, or `Differential` as appropriate
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timestamp_format` (String) By default the command timestamps backups using the format `yyyyMMddHHmm`. Using this option this can be overridden.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The type of backup to perform.
- `verify` (Boolean) If set, the backup will be verified via `RESTORE VERIFYONLY`
- `with_format` (Boolean) Formats the media as the first step of the backup operation.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) Modified output from the `Backup-DbaDatabase` function.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
