---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_lowlydba_sqlserver_ag_replica Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_lowlydba_sqlserver_ag_replica (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ag_name` (String) Name of the Availability Group that will have the new replica joined to it.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `sql_instance_replica` (String) The SQL Server instance where of the replica to be configured.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `availability_mode` (String) Whether the replica should be Asynchronous or Synchronous.
- `backup_priority` (Number) Sets the backup priority availability group replica.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster_type` (String) Cluster type of the Availability Group. Only supported in SQL Server 2017 and above.
- `configure_xe_session` (Boolean) Configure the AlwaysOn_health extended events session to start automatically as the SSMS wizard would do.
- `connection_mode_in_primary_role` (String) Which connections can be made to the database when it is in the primary role.
- `connection_mode_in_secondary_role` (String) Which connections can be made to the database when it is in the secondary role.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `endpoint` (String) By default, this command will attempt to find a DatabaseMirror endpoint. If one does not exist, it will create it.
- `endpoint_url` (String) By default, the property `Fqdn` of `Get-DbaEndpoint` is used as *endpoint_url*. Use *endpoint_url* if a different URL is required due to special network configurations.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `failover_mode` (String) Whether the replica have Automatic or Manual failover.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `read_only_routing_connection_url` (String) Sets the read only routing connection url for the availability replica.
- `read_only_routing_list` (String) Sets the read only routing ordered list of replica server names to use when redirecting read-only connections through this availability replica.
- `seeding_mode` (String) Default seeding mode for the replica. Should remain as the default otherwise manual setup may be required.
- `session_timeout` (Number) How many seconds an availability replica waits for a ping response from a connected replica before considering the connection to have failed.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sql_password_replica` (String) Password for SQL Authentication for the secondary replica.
- `sql_username_replica` (String) Username for SQL Authentication for the secondary replica.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) Output from the `Add-DbaAgReplica` or `Set-DbaAgReplica` function.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
