---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_lowlydba_sqlserver_agent_job Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_lowlydba_sqlserver_agent_job (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `job` (String) The name of the target SQL Agent job.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `category` (String) Category for the target SQL Agent job. Must already exist.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description for the SQL Agent job.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the SQL Agent job should be enabled or disabled.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) If *force=true*, any job categories will be created if they don't exist already.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `owner_login` (String) The owning login for the database. Will default to the current user if the database is being created and none supplied.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `schedule` (String) The name of the schedule the job should be associated with. Only one schedule per job is supported.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `start_step_id` (Number) What step number the job should begin with when run.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) Output from the `New-DbaAgentJob`, `Set-DbaAgentJob`, or `Remove-DbaAgentJob` function.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
