---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_mount_facts Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_mount_facts (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `devices` (String) A list of fnmatch patterns to filter mounts by the special device or remote file system.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fstypes` (String) A list of fnmatch patterns to filter mounts by the type of the file system.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `include_aggregate_mounts` (Boolean) Whether or not the module should return the C(aggregate_mounts) list in C(ansible_facts). When this is V(null), a warning will be emitted if multiple mounts for the same mount point are found.
- `mount_binary` (String) The O(mount_binary) is used if O(sources) contain the value "mount", or if O(sources) contains a dynamic source, and none were found (as can be expected on BSD or AIX hosts). Set to V(null) to stop after no dynamic file source is found instead.
- `on_timeout` (String) The action to take when gathering mount information exceeds O(timeout).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sources` (String) A list of sources used to determine the mounts. Missing file sources (or empty files) are skipped. Repeat sources, including symlinks, are skipped. The C(mount_points) return value contains the first definition found for a mount point. Additional mounts to the same mount point are available from C(aggregate_mounts) (if enabled). By default, mounts are retrieved from all of the standard locations, which have the predefined aliases V(all)/V(static)/V(dynamic). V(all) contains V(dynamic) and V(static). V(dynamic) contains V(/etc/mtab), V(/proc/mounts), V(/etc/mnttab), and the value of O(mount_binary) if it is not None. This allows platforms like BSD or AIX, which don't have an equivalent to V(/proc/mounts), to collect the current mounts by default. See the O(mount_binary) option to disable the fall back or configure a different executable. V(static) contains V(/etc/fstab), V(/etc/vfstab), and V(/etc/filesystems). Note that V(/etc/filesystems) is specific to AIX. The Linux file by this name has a different format/purpose and is ignored. The value of O(mount_binary) can be configured as a source, which will cause it to always execute. Depending on the other sources configured, this could be inefficient/redundant. For example, if V(/proc/mounts) and V(mount) are listed as O(sources), Linux hosts will retrieve the same mounts twice.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `ansible_facts` (String) An ansible_facts dictionary containing a dictionary of C(mount_points) and list of C(aggregate_mounts) when enabled. Each key in C(mount_points) is a mount point, and the value contains mount information (similar to C(ansible_facts["mounts"])). Each value also contains the key C(ansible_context), with details about the source and line(s) corresponding to the parsed mount point. When C(aggregate_mounts) are included, the containing dictionaries are the same format as the C(mount_point) values.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
