---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_syslog Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_syslog (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `address` (String) The syslog server's IPv4 address or a fully qualified hostname. All existing syslog configurations will be removed when *state=absent* and *address=None*.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `components` (String) The e-series logging components define the specific logs to transfer to the syslog server. At the time of writing, 'auditLog' is the only logging component but more may become available.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) This is the port the syslog server is using.
- `protocol` (String) This is the transmission protocol the syslog server's using to receive syslog messages.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Add or remove the syslog server configuration for E-Series storage array. Existing syslog server configuration will be removed or updated when its address matches *address*. Fully qualified hostname that resolve to an IPv4 address that matches *address* will not be treated as a match.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `test` (Boolean) This forces a test syslog message to be sent to the stated syslog server. Only attempts transmission when *state=present*.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Success message
- `syslog` (Boolean) True if syslog server configuration has been added to e-series storage array.
