---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_security_config Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_security_config (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_fips_enabled` (Boolean) Enables or disables FIPS-compliant mode for the cluster. For REST, it requires ontap version 9.8.
- `name` (String) The type of FIPS compliant interface.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `supported_cipher_suites` (String) Names a cipher suite that the system can select during TLS handshakes. A list of available options can be found on the Internet Assigned Number Authority (IANA) website. To achieve idempotency all similar cipher_suites must be set. This option requires ontap version 9.10.1 or later.
- `supported_ciphers` (String) Selects the supported cipher suites for the selected interface. This option is supported only in ZAPI.
- `supported_protocols` (String) Selects the supported protocols for the selected interface. Supported_ciphers should not be specified if operating in FIPS-compliant mode. For REST, it requires ontap version 9.10.1 or later. Protocol versions can be removed only from lower versions. To remove protocol TLSv1 has to be removed first.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
