---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_cloudmanager_na_cloudmanager_volume Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_cloudmanager_na_cloudmanager_volume (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_id` (String) The connector ID of the Cloud Manager Connector.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the volume.

### Optional

- `aggregate_name` (String) The aggregate in which the volume will be created. If not provided, Cloud Manager chooses the best aggregate.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `capacity_tier` (String) The volume's capacity tier for tiering cold data to object storage. The default values for each cloud provider are as follows. Amazon as 'S3', Azure as 'Blob', GCP as 'cloudStorage'. If 'NONE', the capacity tier will not be set on volume creation.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable_compression` (Boolean) Enabling cpmpression. Default to true if not specified.
- `enable_deduplication` (Boolean) Enabling deduplication. Default to true if not specified.
- `enable_thin_provisioning` (Boolean) Enabling thin provisioning. Default to true if not specified.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `export_policy_ip` (String) Custom export policy list of IPs (NFS protocol parameters).
- `export_policy_nfs_version` (String) Export policy protocol (NFS protocol parameters).
- `export_policy_type` (String) The export policy type (NFS protocol parameters).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `igroups` (String) List of igroups (iSCSI protocol parameters).
- `initiators` (String) Set of attributes of Initiators (iSCSI protocol parameters).
- `iops` (Number) Provisioned IOPS. Needed only when provider_volume_type is "io1".
- `os_name` (String) Operating system (iSCSI protocol parameters).
- `permission` (String) CIFS share permission type (CIFS protocol parameters).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `provider_volume_type` (String) The underlying cloud provider volume type. For AWS is ["gp3", "gp2", "io1", "st1", "sc1"]. For Azure is ['Premium_LRS','Standard_LRS','StandardSSD_LRS']. For GCP is ['pd-balanced','pd-ssd','pd-standard'].
- `share_name` (String) Share name (CIFS protocol parameters).
- `size` (Number) The size of the volume.
- `size_unit` (String) The size unit of volume.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot_policy_name` (String) The snapshot policy name.
- `state` (String) Whether the specified volume should exist or not.
- `svm_name` (String) The name of the SVM. The default SVM name is used, if a name is not provided.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tenant_id` (String) The NetApp account ID that the Connector will be associated with. To be used only when using FSx.
- `throughput` (Number) Unit is Mb/s. Valid range 125-1000. Required only when provider_volume_type is 'gp3'.
- `tiering_policy` (String) The tiering policy.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `users` (String) List of users with the permission (CIFS protocol parameters).
- `volume_protocol` (String) The protocol for the volume. This affects the provided parameters.
- `working_environment_id` (String) The public ID of the working environment where the volume will be created.
- `working_environment_name` (String) The working environment name where the volume will be created.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
