---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_netapp_e_amg Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_netapp_e_amg (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the async array you wish to target, or create. If `state` is present and the name isn't found, it will attempt to create.
- `secondaryArrayId` (String) The ID of the secondary array to be used in mirroring process
- `state` (String) A `state` of present will either create or update the async mirror group. A `state` of absent will remove the async mirror group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interfaceType` (String) The intended protocol to use if both Fibre and iSCSI are available.
- `manualSync` (Boolean) Setting this to true will cause other synchronization values to be ignored
- `new_name` (String) New async array name
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `recoveryWarnThresholdMinutes` (Number) Recovery point warning threshold (minutes). The user will be warned when the age of the last good failures point exceeds this value
- `repoUtilizationWarnThreshold` (Number) Recovery point warning threshold
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `syncIntervalMinutes` (Number) The synchronization interval in minutes
- `syncWarnThresholdMinutes` (Number) The threshold (in minutes) for notifying the user that periodic synchronization has taken too long to complete.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Successful creation
