---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_mgmt_interface Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_mgmt_interface (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `controller` (String) The controller that owns the port you want to configure. Controller names are represented alphabetically, with the first controller as A, the second as B, and so on. Current hardware models have either 1 or 2 available controllers, but that is not a guaranteed hard limitation and could change in the future.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `address` (String) The IPv4 address to assign to the interface. Should be specified in xx.xx.xx.xx form. Mutually exclusive with *config_method=dhcp*
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config_method` (String) The configuration method type to use for network interface ports. dhcp is mutually exclusive with *address*, *subnet_mask*, and *gateway*.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dns_address` (String) Primary IPv4 or IPv6 DNS server address
- `dns_address_backup` (String) Secondary IPv4 or IPv6 DNS server address
- `dns_config_method` (String) The configuration method type to use for DNS services. dhcp is mutually exclusive with *dns_address*, and *dns_address_backup*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gateway` (String) The IPv4 gateway address to utilize for the interface. Should be specified in xx.xx.xx.xx form. Mutually exclusive with *config_method=dhcp*
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ntp_address` (String) Primary IPv4, IPv6, or FQDN NTP server address
- `ntp_address_backup` (String) Secondary IPv4, IPv6, or FQDN NTP server address
- `ntp_config_method` (String) The configuration method type to use for NTP services. disable is mutually exclusive with *ntp_address* and *ntp_address_backup*. dhcp is mutually exclusive with *ntp_address* and *ntp_address_backup*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) The ethernet port configuration to modify. The channel represents the port number left to right on the controller, beginning with 1. Required when *config_method* is specified.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssh` (Boolean) Enable ssh access to the controller for debug purposes. This is a controller-level setting. rlogin/telnet will be enabled for ancient equipment where ssh is not available.
- `state` (String) Enable or disable IPv4 network interface configuration. Either IPv4 or IPv6 must be enabled otherwise error will occur. Assumed to be *state==enabled* when *config_method* is specified unless defined.
- `subnet_mask` (String) The subnet mask to utilize for the interface. Should be specified in xx.xx.xx.xx form. Mutually exclusive with *config_method=dhcp*
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `available_embedded_api_urls` (String) List containing available web services embedded REST API urls
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Success message
