---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_fpolicy_scope Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_fpolicy_scope (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the policy.  The FPolicy policy must exist for the scope to be created.
- `vserver` (String) the name of the vserver to create the scope on

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `check_extensions_on_directories` (Boolean) Indicates whether directory names are also subjected to extensions check, similar to file names. By default, the value is true if policy is configured with Native engine, false otherwise.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `export_policies_to_exclude` (String) Export Policies to exclude for file access monitoring. By default no export policy is selected.
- `export_policies_to_include` (String) Export policies to include for file access monitoring. By default no export policy is selected.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `file_extensions_to_exclude` (String) File extensions excluded for screening. By default no file extension is selected.
- `file_extensions_to_include` (String) File extensions included for screening. By default no file extension is selected.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_monitoring_of_objects_with_no_extension_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether monitoring of objects with no extension is required. By default, the value is false.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `shares_to_exclude` (String) Shares to exclude for file access monitoring. By default no share is selected.
- `shares_to_include` (String) Shares to include for file access monitoring. By default no share is selected.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the FPolicy policy scope is present or not
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `volumes_to_exclude` (String) Volumes that are inactive for the file policy. The list can include items which are regular expressions, such as 'vol*' or 'user?'. Note that if a policy has both an exclude list and an include list, the include list is ignored by the filer when processing user requests. By default no volume is selected.
- `volumes_to_include` (String) Volumes that are active for the file policy. The list can include items which are regular expressions, such as 'vol*' or 'user?'. By default no volume is selected.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
