---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_nvme_namespace Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_nvme_namespace (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) Namespace path. The name of the NVMe namespace. NVMe namespace names are paths of the form "/vol/<volume>[/<qtree>]/<namespace>" where the qtree name is optional. For ASA R2 systems, The path should match the format <name>[@<snapshot-name>].
- `vserver` (String) Name of the vserver to use.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `block_size` (Number) Size in bytes of a logical block. Possible values are 512 (Data ONTAP 9.6 and later), 4096. The default value is 4096.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ostype` (String) Specifies the ostype for initiators
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `provisioning_options` (String) Options that are applied to the operation. This option is available only for ASA R2 systems.
- `size` (Number) Size in bytes. Range is [0..2^63-1].
- `size_unit` (String) The unit used to interpret the size parameter.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified namespace should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
