---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_ldap_client Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_ldap_client (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `vserver` (String) vserver/svm that holds LDAP client configuration.

### Optional

- `ad_domain` (String) Active Directory Domain Name. servers or ad_domain is required if *state=present*. Mutually exclusive with servers.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `base_dn` (String) LDAP base DN.
- `base_scope` (String) LDAP search scope.
- `bind_as_cifs_server` (Boolean) The cluster uses the CIFS server's credentials to bind to the LDAP server.
- `bind_dn` (String) LDAP bind user DN.
- `bind_password` (String) LDAP bind user password.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ldaps_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not LDAPS is enabled.
- `min_bind_level` (String) Minimal LDAP server bind level.
- `name` (String) The name of LDAP client configuration. Supported only in ZAPI. Required with ZAPI.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) LDAP server TCP port.
- `preferred_ad_servers` (String) Preferred Active Directory (AD) Domain Controllers. Mutually exclusive with servers.
- `query_timeout` (Number) LDAP server query timeout.
- `referral_enabled` (Boolean) LDAP Referral Chasing.
- `schema` (String) LDAP schema. Required if *state=present*. default schemas - 'AD-IDMU', 'AD-SFU', 'MS-AD-BIS', 'RFC-2307'. custom schemas are allowed as well.
- `servers` (String) Comma separated list of LDAP servers. FQDN's or IP addreses. servers or ad_domain is required if *state=present*. Mutually exclusive with preferred_ad_servers and ad_domain.
- `session_security` (String) Client Session Security.
- `skip_config_validation` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not the validation for the specified LDAP configuration is disabled. By default, errors are reported with REST when server names cannot be resolved for instance. Requires ONTAP 9.9 or later. This is ignored with ZAPI.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified LDAP client configuration exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_start_tls` (Boolean) Start TLS on LDAP connection.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
