---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_export_policy_rule Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_export_policy_rule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the export policy this rule will be added to (or modified, or removed from).
- `vserver` (String) Name of the vserver to use.

### Optional

- `allow_device_creation` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not device creation is allowed. default is true. With REST, supported from ONTAP 9.9.1 version.
- `allow_suid` (Boolean) If 'true', NFS server will honor SetUID bits in SETATTR operation. Default value on creation is 'true'
- `anonymous_user_id` (String) User name or ID to which anonymous users are mapped. Default value is '65534'.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chown_mode` (String) Specifies who is authorized to change the ownership mode of a file. With REST, supported from ONTAP 9.9.1 version.
- `client_match` (String) List of Client Match host names, IP Addresses, Netgroups, or Domains.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_delete_on_first_match` (Boolean) when rule_index is not set, the default is to report an error on multiple matches. when this option is set, one of the rules with an exact match is deleted when state is absent. ignored when state is present.
- `from_rule_index` (Number) index of the export policy rule to be re-indexed
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ntfs_unix_security` (String) NTFS export UNIX security options. With REST, supported from ONTAP 9.9.1 version.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `protocol` (String) List of Client access protocols. Default value is set to 'any' during create.
- `ro_rule` (String) List of Read only access specifications for the rule
- `rule_index` (Number) Index of the export policy rule. When rule_index is not set, we try to find a rule with an exact match. If found, no action is taken with state set to present, and the rule is deleted with state set to absent. An error is reported if more than one rule is found. When rule_index is set and state is present, if a rule cannot be found with this index, we try to find a rule with an exact match and assign the index to this rule if found. If no match is found, a new rule is created. All attributes that are set are used for an exact match.  As a minimum, client_match, ro_rule, and rw_rule are required.
- `rw_rule` (String) List of Read Write access specifications for the rule
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified export policy rule should exist or not.
- `super_user_security` (String) List of Read Write access specifications for the rule
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
