---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_cluster_peer Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_cluster_peer (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dest_cluster_name` (String) The name of the destination cluster name in the peer relation to be modified or deleted. Required for deleting peer relation and for modifying dest_intercluster_lifs.
- `dest_hostname` (String) DEPRECATED - please use `peer_options`. Destination cluster IP or hostname which needs to be peered. Required to complete the peering process at destination cluster.
- `dest_intercluster_lifs` (String) List of intercluster addresses of the destination cluster. Used as peer-addresses in source cluster. All these intercluster lifs should belong to the destination cluster.
- `dest_password` (String) DEPRECATED - please use `peer_options`. Destination password. Optional if this is same as source password or if a certificate is used..
- `dest_username` (String) DEPRECATED - please use `peer_options`. Destination username. Optional if this is same as source username or if a certificate is used.
- `encryption_protocol_proposed` (String) Encryption protocol to be used for inter-cluster communication. Only available on ONTAP 9.5 or later.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipspace` (String) IPspace of the local intercluster LIFs. Assumes Default IPspace if not provided.
- `local_name_for_peer` (String) Specifies local name of the peer Cluster in the relationship. By default the system will generate the same name as cluster name.
- `local_name_for_source` (String) Specifies local name of the source Cluster in the relationship. By default the system will generate the same name as cluster name.
- `passphrase` (String) The arbitrary passphrase that matches the one given to the peer cluster.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_cluster_name` (String) The name of the source cluster name in the peer relation to be modified or deleted. Required for deleting peer relation and for modifying source_intercluster_lifs.
- `source_intercluster_lifs` (String) List of intercluster addresses of the source cluster. Used as peer-addresses in destination cluster. All these intercluster lifs should belong to the source cluster.
- `state` (String) Whether the specified cluster peer should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
