---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_netapp_e_snapshot_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_netapp_e_snapshot_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_password` (String) The password to authenticate with the SANtricity WebServices Proxy or embedded REST API.
- `api_url` (String) The url to the SANtricity WebServices Proxy or embedded REST API.
- `api_username` (String) The username to authenticate with the SANtricity WebServices Proxy or embedded REST API.
- `base_volume_name` (String) The name of the base volume or thin volume to use as the base for the new snapshot group. If a snapshot group with an identical `name` already exists but with a different base volume an error will be returned.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name to give the snapshot group
- `ssid` (String) Storage system identifier
- `state` (String) Whether to ensure the group is present or absent.
- `storage_pool_name` (String) The name of the storage pool on which to allocate the repository volume.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_limit` (Number) The automatic deletion indicator. If non-zero, the oldest snapshot image will be automatically deleted when creating a new snapshot image to keep the total number of snapshot images limited to the number specified. This value is overridden by the consistency group setting if this snapshot group is associated with a consistency group.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `full_policy` (String) The behavior on when the data repository becomes full. This value is overridden by consistency group setting if this snapshot group is associated with a consistency group
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `repo_pct` (Number) The size of the repository in relation to the size of the base volume
- `rollback_priority` (String) The importance of the rollback operation. This value is overridden by consistency group setting if this snapshot group is associated with a consistency group
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Should https certificates be validated?
- `warning_threshold` (Number) The repository utilization warning threshold, as a percentage of the repository volume capacity.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Success message
