---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_ldap Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_ldap (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bind_password` (String) This is the password for the bind user account. Required when *bind_user* is specified.
- `bind_user` (String) This is the user account that will be used for querying the LDAP server. Required when *bind_password* is specified. Example: CN=MyBindAcct,OU=ServiceAccounts,DC=example,DC=com
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `group_attributes` (String) The user attributes that should be considered for the group to role mapping. Typically this is used with something like "memberOf", and a user"s access is tested against group membership or lack thereof.
- `identifier` (String) This is a unique identifier for the configuration (for cases where there are multiple domains configured).
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `names` (String) The domain name[s] that will be utilized when authenticating to identify which domain to utilize. Default to use the DNS name of the *server*. The only requirement is that the name[s] be resolvable. Example: user@example.com
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `role_mappings` (String) This is where you specify which groups should have access to what permissions for the storage-system. For example, all users in group A will be assigned all 4 available roles, which will allow access to all the management functionality of the system (super-user). Those in group B only have the storage.monitor role, which will allow only read-only access. This is specified as a mapping of regular expressions to a list of roles. See the examples. The roles that will be assigned to to the group/groups matching the provided regex. storage.admin allows users full read/write access to storage objects and operations. storage.monitor allows users read-only access to storage objects and operations. support.admin allows users access to hardware, diagnostic information, the Major Event Log, and other critical support-related functionality, but not the storage configuration. security.admin allows users access to authentication/authorization configuration, as well as the audit log configuration, and certification management.
- `search_base` (String) The search base is used to find group memberships of the user. Example: ou=users,dc=example,dc=com
- `server_url` (String) This is the LDAP server url. The connection string should be specified as using the ldap or ldaps protocol along with the port information.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When *state=="present"* the defined LDAP domain will be added to the storage system. When *state=="absent"* the domain specified will be removed from the storage system. *state=="disabled"* will result in deleting all existing LDAP domains on the storage system.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_attribute` (String) This is the attribute we will use to match the provided username when a user attempts to authenticate.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Success message
