---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_netapp_e_alerts Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_netapp_e_alerts (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `contact` (String) Allows the owner to specify some free-form contact information to be included in the emails. This is typically utilized to provide a contact phone number.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `log_path` (String) Path to a file on the Ansible control node to be used for debug logging
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `recipients` (String) The email addresses that will receive the email notifications. Required when *state=enabled*.
- `sender` (String) This is the sender that the recipient will see. It doesn't necessarily need to be a valid email account. Required when *state=enabled*.
- `server` (String) A fully qualified domain name, IPv4 address, or IPv6 address of a mail server. To use a fully qualified domain name, you must configure a DNS server on both controllers using `netapp_eseries.santricity.netapp_e_mgmt_interface`. Required when *state=enabled*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Enable/disable the sending of email-based alerts.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `test` (Boolean) When a change is detected in the configuration, a test email will be sent. This may take a few minutes to process. Only applicable if *state=enabled*.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Success message
