---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `continue_on_error` (String) By default, this module fails on the first error. This option allows to provide a list of errors that are not failing the module. Errors in the list are reported in the output, under the related info element, as an "error" entry. Possible values are always, never, missing_vserver_api_error, rpc_error, other_error. missing_vserver_api_error - most likely the API is available at cluster level but not vserver level. rpc_error - some queries are failing because the node cannot reach another node in the cluster. key_error - a query is failing because the returned data does not contain an expected key. for key errors, make sure to report this in Discord.  It may be a change in a new ONTAP version. other_error - anything not in the above list. always will continue on any error, never will fail on any error, they cannot be used with any other keyword.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `desired_attributes` (String) Advanced feature requiring to understand ZAPI internals. Allows to request a specific attribute that is not returned by default, or to limit the returned attributes. A dictionary for the zapi desired-attributes element. An XML tag *<tag>value</tag>* is a dictionary with tag as the key. Value can be another dictionary, a list of dictionaries, a string, or nothing. eg *<tag/>* is represented as *tag:* Only a single subset can be called at a time if this option is set. It is the caller responsibity to make sure key attributes are present in the right position. The module will error out if any key attribute is missing.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gather_subset` (String) When supplied, this argument will restrict the information collected to a given subset.  Possible values for this argument include active_directory_account_info aggregate_info aggr_efficiency_info autosupport_check_info cifs_options_info cifs_server_info cifs_share_info cifs_vserver_security_info cluster_identity_info cluster_image_info cluster_log_forwarding_info cluster_node_info cluster_peer_info cluster_switch_info clock_info disk_info env_sensors_info event_notification_destination_info event_notification_info export_policy_info export_rule_info fcp_adapter_info fcp_alias_info fcp_service_info igroup_info iscsi_service_info job_schedule_cron_info kerberos_realm_info ldap_client ldap_config license_info lun_info lun_map_info metrocluster_check_info metrocluster_info metrocluster_node_info net_dev_discovery_info net_dns_info net_failover_group_info net_firewall_info net_ifgrp_info net_interface_info net_interface_service_policy_info net_ipspaces_info net_port_info net_port_broadcast_domain_info net_routes_info net_vlan_info nfs_info ntfs_dacl_info ntfs_sd_info ntp_server_info nvme_info nvme_interface_info nvme_namespace_info nvme_subsystem_info ontap_system_version ontap_version ontapi_version qos_adaptive_policy_info qos_policy_info qtree_info quota_policy_info quota_report_info role_info security_key_manager_key_info security_login_account_info security_login_role_config_info security_login_role_info service_processor_info service_processor_network_info shelf_info sis_info sis_policy_info snapmirror_info snapmirror_destination_info snapmirror_policy_info snapshot_info snapshot_policy_info storage_failover_info storage_bridge_info subsys_health_info sysconfig_info sys_cluster_alerts volume_info volume_space_info vscan_info vscan_status_info vscan_scanner_pool_info vscan_connection_status_all_info vscan_connection_extended_stats_info vserver_info vserver_login_banner_info vserver_motd_info vserver_nfs_info vserver_peer_info Can specify a list of values to include a larger subset. Values can also be used with an initial `!` to specify that a specific subset should not be collected. nvme is supported with ONTAP 9.4 onwards. use "help" to get a list of supported information for your system. with lun_info, serial_hex and naa_id are computed when serial_number is present.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `max_records` (Number) Maximum number of records returned in a single ZAPI call. Valid range is [1..2^32-1]. This parameter controls internal behavior of this module.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `query` (String) Advanced feature requiring to understand ZAPI internals. Allows to specify which objects to return. A dictionary for the zapi query element. An XML tag *<tag>value</tag>* is a dictionary with tag as the key. Value can be another dictionary, a list of dictionaries, a string, or nothing. eg *<tag/>* is represented as *tag:* Only a single subset can be called at a time if this option is set.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) deprecated as of 21.1.0. this option was ignored and continues to be ignored.
- `summary` (Boolean) Boolean flag to control return all attributes of the module info or only the names. If true, only names are returned.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_native_zapi_tags` (Boolean) By default, *-* in the returned dictionary keys are translated to *_*. If set to true, the translation is disabled.
- `volume_move_target_aggr_info` (String) Required options for volume_move_target_aggr_info
- `vserver` (String) If present, 'vserver tunneling' will limit the output to the vserver scope. Note that not all subsets are supported on a vserver, and 'all' will trigger an error.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `ontap_info` (String) Returns various information about NetApp cluster configuration
