---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_interface Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_interface (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `interface_name` (String) Specifies the logical interface (LIF) name.

### Optional

- `address` (String) Specifies the LIF's IP address. ZAPI - Required when `state=present` and is_ipv4_link_local if false and subnet_name is not set. REST - Required when `state=present` and `interface_type` is IP.
- `admin_status` (String) Specifies the administrative status of the LIF.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `broadcast_domain` (String) broadcast_domain name can be used to specify the location on an IP interface with REST, as an alternative to node or port. only used when creating an IP interface to select a node, ignored if the interface already exists. if the broadcast domain is not found, make sure to check the ipspace value. home_port and broadcast_domain are mutually exclusive.  home_node may or may not be present. not supported for FC interface. ignored with ZAPI.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `current_node` (String) Specifies the LIF's current node. By default, this is home_node
- `current_port` (String) Specifies the LIF's current port.
- `data_protocol` (String) The data protocol for which the FC interface is configured. Ignored with ZAPI or for IP interfaces. Required to create a FC type interface.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dns_domain_name` (String) Specifies the unique, fully qualified domain name of the DNS zone of this LIF. Supported from ONTAP 9.9.0 or later in REST. Not supported for FC interfaces.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `fail_if_subnet_conflicts` (Boolean) Creating or updating an IP Interface fails if the specified IP address falls within the address range of a named subnet. Set this value to false to use the specified IP address and to assign the subnet owning that address to the interface. This option is only supported with REST and requires ONTAP 9.11.1 or later.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `failover_group` (String) Specifies the failover group for the LIF. Not supported with REST.
- `failover_policy` (String) Specifies the failover policy for the LIF. When using REST, this values are mapped to 'home_port_only', 'default', 'home_node_only', 'sfo_partners_only', 'broadcast_domain_only'.
- `failover_scope` (String) Specifies the failover scope for the LIF. REST only, and only for IP interfaces.  Not supported for FC interfaces.
- `firewall_policy` (String) Specifies the firewall policy for the LIF. This option is deprecated in REST. With REST, the module tries to derive a service_policy and may error out.
- `force_subnet_association` (Boolean) Set this to true to acquire the address from the named subnet and assign the subnet to the LIF. not supported with REST.
- `from_name` (String) name of the interface to be renamed
- `home_node` (String) Specifies the LIF's home node. By default, the first node from the cluster is considered as home node.
- `home_port` (String) Specifies the LIF's home port. Requires ONTAP 9.8 or later with FC interfaces when using REST. With REST, at least one of home_port, home_node, or broadcast_domain is required to create IP interfaces. With REST, either home_port or current_port is required to create FC interfaces. With ZAPI, home_port is required to create IP and FC interfaces. home_port and broadcast_domain are mutually exclusive (REST and IP interfaces).
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_zapi_options` (String) ignore unsupported options that should not be relevant. ignored with ZAPI.
- `interface_type` (String) type of the interface. IP is assumed if address or netmask are present. IP interfaces includes cluster, intercluster, management, and NFS, CIFS, iSCSI interfaces. FC interfaces includes FCP and NVME-FC interfaces. ignored with ZAPI. required with REST, but maybe derived from deprecated options like `role`, `protocols`, and `firewall_policy`.
- `ipspace` (String) IPspace name is required with REST for cluster-scoped interfaces.  It is optional with SVM scope. ignored with ZAPI. ignored for FC interface.
- `is_auto_revert` (Boolean) If true, data LIF will revert to its home node under certain circumstances such as startup, and load balancing migration capability is disabled automatically
- `is_dns_update_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies if DNS update is enabled for this LIF. Dynamic updates will be sent for this LIF if updates are enabled at Vserver level. Supported from ONTAP 9.9.1 or later in REST. Not supported for FC interfaces.
- `is_ipv4_link_local` (Boolean) Specifies the LIF's are to acquire a ipv4 link local address. Use case for this is when creating Cluster LIFs to allow for auto assignment of ipv4 link local address. Not supported in REST
- `lambda_config` (String) Configuration parameters for AWS Lambda proxy functionality. These option and suboptions are only supported with REST.
- `listen_for_dns_query` (Boolean) If True, this IP address will listen for DNS queries for the dnszone specified. Not supported with REST.
- `netmask` (String) Specifies the LIF's netmask. ZAPI - Required when `state=present` and is_ipv4_link_local if false and subnet_name is not set. REST - Required when `state=present` and `interface_type` is IP.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `probe_port` (Number) Probe port for Cloud load balancer - only valid in the Azure environment. Not supported with ZAPI or with FC interfaces. Requires ONTAP 9.10.1 or later.
- `protocols` (String) Specifies the list of data protocols configured on the LIF. By default, the values in this element are nfs, cifs and fcache. Other supported protocols are iscsi and fcp. A LIF can be configured to not support any data protocols by specifying 'none'. Protocol values of none, iscsi, fc-nvme or fcp can't be combined with any other data protocol(s). address, netmask and firewall_policy parameters are not supported for 'fc-nvme' option. This option is ignored with REST, though it can be used to derive `interface_type` or `data_protocol`.
- `role` (String) Specifies the role of the LIF. When setting role as "intercluster" or "cluster", setting protocol is not supported. When creating a "cluster" role, the node name will appear as the prefix in the name of LIF. For example, if the specified name is clif and node name is node1, the LIF name appears in the ONTAP as node1_clif. Possible values are 'undef', 'cluster', 'data', 'node-mgmt', 'intercluster', 'cluster-mgmt'. Required when `state=present` unless service_policy is present and ONTAP version is 9.8 or better. This option is deprecated in REST. With REST, the module tries to derive a service_policy and may error out.
- `service_policy` (String) Starting with ONTAP 9.5, you can configure LIF service policies to identify a single service or a list of services that will use a LIF. In ONTAP 9.5, you can assign service policies only for LIFs in the admin SVM. In ONTAP 9.6, you can additionally assign service policies for LIFs in the data SVMs. When you specify a service policy for a LIF, you need not specify the data protocol and role for the LIF. NOTE that role is still required because of a ZAPI issue.  This limitation is removed in ONTAP 9.8. Creating LIFs by specifying the role and data protocols is also supported.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified interface should exist or not.
- `subnet_name` (String) Subnet where the IP interface address is allocated from. If the option is not used, the IP address and netmask need to be provided. With REST, ONTAP 9.11.1 or later is required. With REST, ipspace must be set.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vserver` (String) The name of the vserver to use. Required with ZAPI. Required with REST for FC interfaces (data vservers). Required with REST for SVM-scoped IP interfaces (data vservers). Invalid with REST for cluster-scoped IP interfaces. To help with transition from ZAPI to REST, vserver is ignored when the role is set to 'cluster', 'node-mgmt', 'intercluster', 'cluster-mgmt'. Remove this option to suppress the warning.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
