---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_service_processor_network Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_service_processor_network (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address_type` (String) Specify address class.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `node` (String) The node where the service processor network should be enabled

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dhcp` (String) Specify dhcp type. Setting `dhcp=none` requires all of `ip_address`, `netmask`, `gateway_ip_address` and at least one of its value different from current.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gateway_ip_address` (String) Specify the gateway ip.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_address` (String) Specify the service processor ip address.
- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Specify whether to enable or disable the service processor network. Required with ZAPI. Disable service processor network status not supported in REST. Setting `ip_address`, `netmask` or `prefix_length`, `gateway_ip_address` will enable sp network in REST.
- `netmask` (String) Specify the service processor netmask.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prefix_length` (Number) Specify the service processor prefix_length.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified service processor network should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait_for_completion` (Boolean) Set this parameter to 'true' for synchronous execution (wait until SP status is successfully updated) Set this parameter to 'false' for asynchronous execution For asynchronous, execution exits as soon as the request is sent, without checking SP status

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
