---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_cloudmanager_na_cloudmanager_aggregate Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_cloudmanager_na_cloudmanager_aggregate (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_id` (String) The connector ID of the Cloud Manager Connector.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the new aggregate.
- `state` (String) Whether the specified aggregate should exist or not.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `capacity_tier` (String) The aggregate's capacity tier for tiering cold data to object storage. If the value is NONE, the capacity_tier will not be set on aggregate creation.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disk_size_size` (Number) The required size of the disks.
- `disk_size_unit` (String) The disk size unit ['GB' or 'TB']. The default is 'TB'.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `home_node` (String) The home node that the new aggregate should belong to.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `iops` (Number) Provisioned IOPS. Needed only when providerVolumeType is "io1".
- `number_of_disks` (Number) The required number of disks in the new aggregate.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `provider_volume_type` (String) The cloud provider volume type.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `throughput` (Number) Unit is Mb/s. Valid range 125-1000. Required only when provider_volume_type is 'gp3'.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `working_environment_id` (String) The public ID of the working environment where the aggregate will be created.
- `working_environment_name` (String) The working environment name where the aggregate will be created.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Success message.
