---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_file_security_permissions Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_file_security_permissions (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) The path of the file or directory on which to apply security permissions.
- `vserver` (String) Name of the vserver to use.

### Optional

- `access_control` (String) An Access Control Level specifies the access control of the task to be applied. Valid values are "file-directory" or "Storage-Level Access Guard (SLAG)". SLAG is used to apply the specified security descriptors with the task for the volume or qtree. Otherwise, the security descriptors are applied on files and directories at the specified path. The value slag is not supported on FlexGroups volumes. The default value is "file-directory". This field requires ONTAP 9.10.1 or later.  This defaults to "file_directory". When state is present, all ACLs not listed in `acls` are deleted when this option is absent. If this option is present, only ACLs matching its value are deleted. When state is absent, all ACLs are deleted when this option is absent. If this option is present, only ACLs matching its value are deleted.
- `acls` (String) A discretionary access security list (DACL) identifies the trustees that are allowed or denied access to a securable object. When a process tries to access a securable object, the system checks the access control entries (ACEs) in the object's DACL to determine whether to grant access to it.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `control_flags` (String) Specifies the control flags in the SD. It is a Hexadecimal Value.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `group` (String) Specifies the owner's primary group. Specify the owner group using either a group name or SID.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_paths` (String) For each file or directory in the list, specifies that permissions on this file or directory cannot be replaced.
- `owner` (String) Specifies the owner of the NTFS security descriptor (SD). You can specify the owner using either a user name or security identifier (SID). The owner of the SD can modify the permissions on the file (or folder) or files (or folders) to which the SD is applied and can give other users the right to take ownership of the object or objects to which the SD is applied.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `propagation_mode` (String) Specifies how to propagate security settings to child subfolders and files. Defaults to propagate.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified file security permission should exist or not. When absent, all ACLs are deleted, irrespective of the contents of `acls`. See `access_control` to only delete all SLAG ACLS, or only delete file-directory ACLs. Inherited ACLs are ignored, they can't be deleted or modified.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate_changes` (String) ACLs may not be applied as expected. For instance, if Everyone is inherited will all permissions, additional users will be granted all permissions, regardless of the request. For this specific example, you can either delete the top level Everyone, or create a new ACL for Everyone at a lower level. When using `rights`, ONTAP translates them into `advanced_rights` so the validation will always fail. Valid values are `ignore`, no checking; `warn` to issue a warning; `error` to fail the module. With SLAGS, ONTAP may split one ACL into two ACLs depending on the `apply_to` settings.  To maintain idempotency, please provide 2 ACLs as input.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
