---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_qtree Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_qtree (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `flexvol_name` (String) The name of the FlexVol the qtree should exist on.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the qtree to manage. With REST, this can also be a path.
- `vserver` (String) The name of the vserver to use.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `export_policy` (String) The name of the export policy to apply.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_delete` (Boolean) Whether the qtree should be deleted even if files still exist. Note that the default of true reflect the REST API behavior. a value of false is not supported with REST.
- `from_name` (String) Name of the qtree to be renamed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `oplocks` (String) Whether the oplocks should be enabled or not for the qtree.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `security_style` (String) The security style for the qtree.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified qtree should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `time_out` (Number) Maximum time to wait for qtree deletion in seconds when wait_for_completion is True. Error out if task is not completed in defined time. Default is set to 3 minutes.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unix_group` (String) The group set as owner of the qtree. Optional parameter. Only relevant for Unix and mixed security styles. Ignored when security_style is set to 'ntfs'. Only supported with REST and ONTAP 9.9 or later.
- `unix_permissions` (String) File permissions bits of the qtree. Accepts either octal or string format. Examples 0777, 777 in octal and ---rwxrwxrwx, sstrwxrwxrwx, rwxrwxrwx in string format. Optional parameter. Only relevant for Unix and mixed security styles. Ignored when security_style is set to 'ntfs'.
- `unix_user` (String) The user set as owner of the qtree. Optional parameter. Only relevant for Unix and mixed security styles. Ignored when security_style is set to 'ntfs'. Only supported with REST and ONTAP 9.9 or later.
- `wait_for_completion` (Boolean) Only applicable for REST.  When using ZAPI, the deletion is always synchronous. Deleting a qtree may take time if many files need to be deleted. Set this parameter to 'true' for synchronous execution during delete. Set this parameter to 'false' for asynchronous execution. For asynchronous, execution exits as soon as the request is sent, and the qtree is deleted in background.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
