---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_cloudmanager_na_cloudmanager_connector_azure Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_cloudmanager_na_cloudmanager_connector_azure (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_id` (String) The NetApp tenancy account ID.
- `admin_password` (String) The password for the Connector.
- `admin_username` (String) The user name for the Connector.
- `company` (String) The name of the company of the user.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `location` (String) The location where the Cloud Manager Connector will be created.
- `name` (String) The name of the Cloud Manager connector for Azure to manage.
- `network_security_group_name` (String) The name of the security group for the deployment.
- `resource_group` (String) The resource group in Azure where the resources will be created.
- `subnet_name` (String) The name of the subnet for the virtual machine. For example, in /subscriptions/xxx/resourceGroups/xxx/providers/Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/xxx/subnets/default, only default is needed.
- `subscription_id` (String) The ID of the Azure subscription.
- `vnet_name` (String) The name of the virtual network. for example, in /subscriptions/xxx/resourceGroups/xxx/providers/Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/default, only default is needed.

### Optional

- `associate_public_ip_address` (Boolean) Indicates whether to associate the public IP address to the virtual machine.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client_id` (String) The unique client ID of the Connector. The connector ID.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `network_security_resource_group` (String) The resource group in Azure associated with the security group. If not provided, its assumed that the security group is within the previously specified resource group.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `proxy_certificates` (String) The proxy certificates, a list of certificate file names.
- `proxy_password` (String) The proxy password, if using a proxy to connect to the internet.
- `proxy_url` (String) The proxy URL, if using a proxy to connect to the internet.
- `proxy_user_name` (String) The proxy user name, if using a proxy to connect to the internet.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified Cloud Manager connector for Azure should exist or not.
- `storage_account` (String) The storage account can be created automatically. When `storage_account` is not set, the name is constructed by appending 'sa' to the connector `name`. Storage account name must be between 3 and 24 characters in length and use numbers and lower-case letters only.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `virtual_machine_size` (String) The virtual machine type. (for example, Standard_DS3_v2). At least 4 CPU and 16 GB of memory are required.
- `vnet_resource_group` (String) The resource group in Azure associated with the virtual network. If not provided, its assumed that the VNet is within the previously specified resource group.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Newly created Azure connector id in cloud manager.
