---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_svm Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_svm (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the SVM to manage. vserver is a convenient alias when using module_defaults.

### Optional

- `admin_state` (String) when the SVM is created, it will be in the running state, unless specified otherwise. This is ignored with ZAPI.
- `aggr_list` (String) List of aggregates assigned for volume operations. These aggregates could be shared for use with other Vservers. When specified as part of a vserver-create, this field represents the list of aggregates that are assigned to the Vserver for volume operations. When part of vserver-get-iter call, this will return the list of Vservers which have any of the aggregates specified as part of the aggr list.
- `allowed_protocols` (String) This field represents the list of protocols allowed on the Vserver. When part of modify, this field should include the existing list along with new protocol list to be added to prevent data disruptions. Mutually exclusive with `services`. Possible values nfs   NFS protocol, cifs  CIFS protocol, fcp   FCP protocol, iscsi iSCSI protocol, ndmp  NDMP protocol, s3  S3 protocol, http  HTTP protocol - ZAPI only, nvme  NVMe protocol
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_enable_activity_tracking` (Boolean) Specifies whether volume activity tracking is automatically enabled on volumes that are created in the SVM. Only supported with REST, requires ONTAP 9.12.1 or later.
- `auto_enable_analytics` (Boolean) Specifies whether file system analytics is automatically enabled on volumes that are created in the SVM. Only supported with REST, requires ONTAP 9.12.1 or later.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) When specified as part of a vserver-create, this field represents the comment associated with the Vserver. When part of vserver-get-iter call, this will return the list of matching Vservers.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `from_name` (String) Name of the SVM to be renamed
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_rest_unsupported_options` (Boolean) When true, ignore `root_volume`, `root_volume_aggregate`, `root_volume_security_style` options if target supports REST. Ignored when `use_rest` is set to never.
- `ipspace` (String) IPSpace name Cannot be modified after creation.
- `lambda_config` (String) Configuration parameters for AWS Lambda proxy functionality. These option and suboptions are only supported with REST.
- `language` (String) Language to use for the SVM Default to C.UTF-8 Possible values   Language c                 POSIX ar                Arabic cs                Czech da                Danish de                German en                English en_us             English (US) es                Spanish fi                Finnish fr                French he                Hebrew hr                Croatian hu                Hungarian it                Italian ja                Japanese euc-j ja_v1             Japanese euc-j ja_jp.pck         Japanese PCK (sjis) ja_jp.932         Japanese cp932 ja_jp.pck_v2      Japanese PCK (sjis) ko                Korean no                Norwegian nl                Dutch pl                Polish pt                Portuguese ro                Romanian ru                Russian sk                Slovak sl                Slovenian sv                Swedish tr                Turkish zh                Simplified Chinese zh.gbk            Simplified Chinese (GBK) zh_tw             Traditional Chinese euc-tw zh_tw.big5        Traditional Chinese Big 5 utf8mb4 Most of the values accept a .utf_8 suffix, e.g. fr.utf_8
- `max_volumes` (String) Maximum number of volumes that can be created on the vserver. Expects an integer or `unlimited`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `root_volume` (String) Root volume of the SVM. Cannot be modified after creation.
- `root_volume_aggregate` (String) The aggregate on which the root volume will be created. Cannot be modified after creation.
- `root_volume_security_style` (String) Security Style of the root volume. When specified as part of the vserver-create, this field represents the security style for the Vserver root volume. When specified as part of vserver-get-iter call, this will return the list of matching Vservers. The 'unified' security style, which applies only to Infinite Volumes, cannot be applied to a Vserver's root volume. Cannot be modified after creation.
- `services` (String) Enabled Protocols, only available with REST. The service will be started if needed.  A valid license may be required. `enabled` is not supported for CIFS, to enable it use na_ontap_cifs_server. `enabled` is not supported for s3, to enable it use na_ontap_s3_services. If a service is not present, it is left unchanged. Mutually exclusive with `allowed_protocols`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot_policy` (String) Default snapshot policy setting for all volumes of the Vserver. This policy will be assigned to all volumes created in this Vserver unless the volume create request explicitly provides a snapshot policy or volume is modified later with a specific snapshot policy. A volume-level snapshot policy always overrides the default Vserver-wide snapshot policy.
- `state` (String) Whether the specified SVM should exist or not.
- `storage_limit` (Number) Specifies the maximum storage permitted on a single SVM, in bytes. This parameter can be set to zero to disable storage-limit enforcement. Only supported with REST, requires ONTAP 9.13.1 or later.
- `storage_limit_threshold_alert` (Number) Specifies at what percentage of storage capacity an alert message is sent. The default value is 90. Only supported with REST, requires ONTAP 9.13.1 or later.
- `subtype` (String) The subtype for vserver to be created. Cannot be modified after creation.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `web` (String) web services security configuration. requires ONTAP 9.8 or later for certificate name. requires ONTAP 9.10.1 or later for the other options.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
