---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_fpolicy_ext_engine Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_fpolicy_ext_engine (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the external engine.
- `vserver` (String) the name of the vserver to create the external engine on

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `certificate_ca` (String) Certificate authority name. No default value is set for this field.
- `certificate_common_name` (String) FQDN or custom common name of certificate. No default value is set for this field.
- `certificate_serial` (String) Serial number of certificate. No default value is set for this field.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `extern_engine_type` (String) External engine type. If the engine is asynchronous, no reply is sent from FPolicy servers. Default value set for this field is synchronous.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_resiliency_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the resiliency with this engine is required. If set to true, the notifications will be stored in a path as resiliency_directory_path If it is false, the notifications will not be stored. Default value is false.
- `max_connection_retries` (Number) Number of times storage appliance will attempt to establish a broken connection to FPolicy server. Default value set for this field is 5.
- `max_server_reqs` (Number) Maximum number of outstanding screen requests that will be queued for an FPolicy Server. Default value set for this field is 50.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) Port number of the FPolicy server application.
- `primary_servers` (String) Primary FPolicy servers.
- `recv_buffer_size` (Number) Receive buffer size of connected socket for FPolicy Server. Default value set for this field is 256 kilobytes (256Kb).
- `resiliency_directory_path` (String) Directory path under Vserver for storing file access notifications. File access notifications will be stored in a generated file during the outage time. The path is the full, user visible path relative to the Vserver root, and it might be crossing junction mount points.
- `secondary_servers` (String) Secondary FPolicy servers. No default value is set for this field.
- `send_buffer_size` (Number) Send buffer size of connected socket for FPolicy Server. Default value set for this field is 256 kilobytes (256Kb).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssl_option` (String) SSL option for external communication. No default value is set for this field
- `state` (String) Whether the fPolicy external engine is present or not
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
