---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_restit Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_restit (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api` (String) The REST API to call (eg *cluster/software*, *svms/svm*).
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `accept_header` (String) Value for the Accept request HTTP header. This is very infrequently needed, but required to read a file (see examples). For most cases, omit this field.  Set it to "multipart/form-data" when expecting such a format. By default the module is using "application/json" or "application/hal+json" when hal_linking is true.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `body` (String) A dictionary for the info parameter
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `files` (String) A dictionary for the parameters when using multipart/form-data. This is very infrequently needed, but required to write a file (see examples) When present, requests will automatically set the Content-Type header to multipart/form-data.
- `hal_linking` (Boolean) if true, HAL-encoded links are returned in the response.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `method` (String) The REST method to use.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `query` (String) A list of dictionaries for the query parameters
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vserver_name` (String) if provided, forces vserver tunneling.  username identifies a cluster admin account.
- `vserver_uuid` (String) if provided, forces vserver tunneling.  username identifies a cluster admin account.
- `wait_for_completion` (Boolean) when true, POST/PATCH/DELETE can be handled synchronously and asynchronously. if the response indicates that a job is in progress, the job status is checked periodically until is completes. when false, the call returns immediately.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `error_code` (String) If the REST API was executed but failed, the error code set by the REST API. Not present if successful, or if the REST API call cannot be performed.
- `error_message` (String) If the REST API was executed but failed, the error message set by the REST API. Not present if successful, or if the REST API call cannot be performed.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `response` (String) If successful, a json dictionary returned by the REST API. If the REST API was executed but failed, an empty dictionary. Not present if the REST API call cannot be performed.
- `status_code` (String) The http status code. When wait_for_completion is True, this is forced to 0.
