---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_firmware Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_firmware (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `firmware` (String) Path to the firmware file. Due to concurrency issues, use `netapp_eseries.santricity.na_santricity_proxy_firmware_upload` to upload firmware and nvsram to SANtricity Web Services Proxy when upgrading multiple systems at the same time on the same instance of the proxy.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clear_mel_events` (Boolean) This flag will force firmware to be activated in spite of the storage system mel-event issues. Warning! This will clear all storage system mel-events. Use at your own risk!
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `nvsram` (String) Path to the NVSRAM file. NetApp recommends upgrading the NVSRAM when upgrading firmware. Due to concurrency issues, use `netapp_eseries.santricity.na_santricity_proxy_firmware_upload` to upload firmware and nvsram to SANtricity Web Services Proxy when upgrading multiple systems at the same time on the same instance of the proxy.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait_for_completion` (Boolean) This flag will cause module to wait for any upgrade actions to complete. When changes are required to both firmware and nvsram and task is executed against SANtricity Web Services Proxy, the firmware will have to complete before nvsram can be installed.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Status and version of firmware and NVSRAM.
