---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_cifs Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_cifs (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the CIFS share. The CIFS share name is a UTF-8 string with the following characters being illegal; control characters from 0x00 to 0x1F, both inclusive, 0x22 (double quotes)
- `vserver` (String) Vserver containing the CIFS share.

### Optional

- `access_based_enumeration` (Boolean) If enabled, all folders inside this share are visible to a user based on that individual user access right; prevents the display of folders or other shared resources that the user does not have access to. This option only supported with REST.
- `allow_unencrypted_access` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not the SMB2 clients are allowed to access the encrypted share. This option requires REST and ONTAP 9.11.0 or later.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `browsable` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not the Windows clients can browse the share. This option requires REST and ONTAP 9.13.1 or later.
- `change_notify` (Boolean) Specifies whether CIFS clients can request for change notifications for directories on this share. This option only supported with REST.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) The CIFS share description.
- `continuously_available` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not the clients connecting to this share can open files in a persistent manner. Files opened in this way are protected from disruptive events, such as, failover and giveback. This option requires REST and ONTAP 9.10.1 or later.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encryption` (Boolean) Specifies that SMB encryption must be used when accessing this share. Clients that do not support encryption are not able to access this share. This option only supported with REST.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `home_directory` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not the share is a home directory share, where the share and path names are dynamic. ONTAP home directory functionality automatically offer each user a dynamic share to their home directory without creating an individual SMB share for each user. This feature enable us to configure a share that maps to different directories based on the user that connects to it Instead of creating a separate shares for each user, a single share with a home directory parameters can be created. In a home directory share, ONTAP dynamically generates the share-name and share-path by substituting %w, %u, and %d variables with the corresponding Windows user name, UNIX user name, and domain name, respectively. This option only supported with REST and cannot modify.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `namespace_caching` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not the SMB clients connecting to this share can cache the directory enumeration results returned by the CIFS servers. This option requires REST and ONTAP 9.10.1 or later.
- `offline_files` (String) Allows Windows clients to cache data on this share. This option is only supported with REST and requires ONTAP 9.10 or later.
- `oplocks` (Boolean) Specify whether opportunistic locks are enabled on this share. "Oplocks" allow clients to lock files and cache content locally, which can increase performance for file operations. Only supported with REST.
- `path` (String) The file system path that is shared through this CIFS share. The path is the full, user visible path relative to the vserver root, and it might be crossing junction mount points. The path is in UTF8 and uses forward slash as directory separator.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `share_properties` (String) The list of properties for the CIFS share. Not supported with REST. share-properties are separate fields in the REST API. You can achieve this functionality by setting `access_based_enumeration`, `change_notify`, `encryption`, `home_directory`, `oplocks`, `show_snapshot`, `continuously_available` and `namespace_caching`.
- `show_previous_versions` (Boolean) Specifies that the previous version can be viewed and restored from the client. This option requires REST and ONTAP 9.13.1 or later.
- `show_snapshot` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not the Snapshot copies can be viewed and traversed by clients. This option requires REST and ONTAP 9.10.1 or later.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified CIFS share should exist or not.
- `symlink_properties` (String) The list of symlink properties for this CIFS share. Not supported with REST, this option is replaced with `unix_symlink` in REST.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unix_symlink` (String) The list of unix_symlink properties for this CIFS share This option only supported with REST.
- `vscan_fileop_profile` (String) Profile_set of file_ops to which vscan on access scanning is applicable. REST support requires ONTAP 9.15.1 or later.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
