---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_hostgroup Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_hostgroup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the host group to manage

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hosts` (String) List of host names/labels to add to the group
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified host group should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `clusterRef` (String) The unique identification value for this object. Other objects may use this reference value to refer to the cluster.
- `confirmLUNMappingCreation` (Boolean) If true, indicates that creation of LUN-to-volume mappings should require careful confirmation from the end-user, since such a mapping will alter the volume access rights of other clusters, in addition to this one.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `isSAControlled` (Boolean) If true, indicates that I/O accesses from this cluster are subject to the storage array's default LUN-to-volume mappings. If false, indicates that I/O accesses from the cluster are subject to cluster-specific LUN-to-volume mappings.
- `label` (String) The user-assigned, descriptive label string for the cluster.
- `protectionInformationCapableAccessMethod` (Boolean) This field is true if the host has a PI capable access method.
