---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_active_directory Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_active_directory (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_name` (String) Active Directory account NetBIOS name. Modifying an existing account name is not supported. The account must be deleted and recreated.
- `admin_password` (String) Administrator password required for Active Directory account creation.
- `admin_username` (String) Administrator username required for Active Directory account creation.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `vserver` (String) The name of the vserver to use.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) Fully qualified domain name.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_account_overwrite` (Boolean) If true and a machine account with the same name as specified in 'account-name' exists in Active Directory, it will be overwritten and reused.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `organizational_unit` (String) Organizational unit under which the Active Directory account will be created. Modifying the organizational unit is not supported. The object must be deleted and recreated.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the Active Directory should exist or not
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
