---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_publickey Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_publickey (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account` (String) The name of the user account.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Optional comment for the public key.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_all` (Boolean) If index is not present, with state=absent, delete all public key for this user account.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `index` (Number) Index number for the public key. If index is not present, with state=present, the public key is always added, using the next available index. If index is not present, with state=present, the module is not idempotent. If index is not present, with state=absent, if only one key is found, it is deleted.  Otherwise an error is reported. See also `delete_all` option.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `public_key` (String) The public key.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified publickey should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vserver` (String) The name of the vserver to use. Omit this option for cluster scoped user accounts.

### Read-Only

- `cd_action` (String) whether a public key is created or deleted.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `modify` (String) attributes that were modified if the key already exists.
