---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_grid_snmp Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_grid_snmp (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `agent_addresses` (String) Local binding addresses for the SNMP agent.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_trap_enable` (Number) 1 - enable SNMP authentication traps. 2 - disable SNMP authentication traps.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `community_strings` (String) List of community strings.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disable_notifications` (Boolean) Disable all SNMP notifications.
- `enable_snmp` (Boolean) Enable or disable SNMP monitoring.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `ro_users` (String) USM users allowed read-only access.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The snmp agent should be present.
- `sys_contact` (String) SNMP system contact.
- `sys_location` (String) SNMP system location.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `trap_community` (String) SNMP trap community.
- `trap_destinations` (String) SNMP trap destinations for V1, V2C, and Inform notifications.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `usm_users` (String) USM user.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `resp` (String) Returns information about the StorageGRID SNMP agent.
