---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_efficiency_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_efficiency_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `policy_name` (String) the name of the efficiency policy
- `vserver` (String) Name of the vserver to use.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `changelog_threshold_percent` (Number) Specifies the percentage at which the changelog will be processed for a threshold type of policy, tested once each hour.
- `comment` (String) A brief description of the policy.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `duration` (String) The duration in hours for which the scheduled efficiency operation should run. After this time expires, the efficiency operation will be stopped even if the operation is incomplete. If '-' is specified as the duration, the efficiency operation will run till it completes. Otherwise, the duration has to be an integer greater than 0. By default, the operation runs till it completes.
- `enabled` (Boolean) If the value is true, the efficiency policy is active in this cluster. If the value is false this policy will not be activated by the schedulers and hence will be inactive.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `policy_type` (String) The policy type reflects the reason a volume using this policy will start processing a changelog. (Changelog processing is identifying and eliminating duplicate blocks which were written since the changelog was last processed.) threshold Changelog processing occurs once the changelog reaches a certain percent full. scheduled Changelog processing will be triggered by time.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `qos_policy` (String) QoS policy for the efficiency operation. background efficiency operation will run in background with minimal or no impact on data serving client operations, best-effort efficiency operations may have some impact on data serving client operations.
- `schedule` (String) Cron type job schedule name. When the associated policy is set on a volume, the efficiency operation will be triggered for the volume on this schedule. These schedules can be created using the na_ontap_job_schedule module
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified efficiency policy should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
