---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_cloudmanager_na_cloudmanager_cvo_gcp Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_cloudmanager_na_cloudmanager_cvo_gcp (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_id` (String) The connector ID of the Cloud Manager Connector. You can find the ID from the Connector tab on https://cloudmanager.netapp.com.
- `gcp_service_account` (String) The gcp_service_account email in order to enable tiering of cold data to Google Cloud Storage.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the Cloud Manager CVO for GCP to manage.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the GCP project.
- `vpc_id` (String) The name of the VPC.
- `zone` (String) The zone of the region where the working environment will be created.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup_volumes_to_cbs` (Boolean) Automatically backup all volumes to cloud.
- `capacity_package_name` (String) Capacity package name is required when selecting a capacity based license.
- `capacity_tier` (String) Whether to enable data tiering for the first data aggregate.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `data_encryption_type` (String) Type of encryption to use for this working environment.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable_compliance` (Boolean) Enable the Cloud Compliance service on the working environment.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `firewall_rule` (String) Firewall name for a single node cluster.
- `gcp_encryption_parameters` (String) The GCP encryption parameters.
- `gcp_labels` (String) Optionally provide up to four key-value pairs with which to all GCP entities created by Cloud Manager.
- `gcp_volume_size` (Number) GCP volume size.
- `gcp_volume_size_unit` (String) GCP volume size unit.
- `gcp_volume_type` (String) GCP volume type.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `instance_type` (String) The type of instance to use, which depends on the license type you choose. Explore ['custom-4-16384']. Standard ['n1-standard-8']. Premium ['n1-standard-32']. BYOL all instance types defined for PayGo. For more supported instance types, refer to Cloud Volumes ONTAP Release Notes.
- `is_ha` (Boolean) Indicate whether the working environment is an HA pair or not.
- `license_type` (String) The type of license to use. For single node by Capacity ['capacity-paygo']. For single node by Node paygo ['gcp-cot-explore-paygo', 'gcp-cot-standard-paygo', 'gcp-cot-premium-paygo']. For single node by Node byol ['gcp-cot-premium-byol']. For HA by Capacity ['ha-capacity-paygo']. For HA by Node paygo ['gcp-ha-cot-explore-paygo', 'gcp-ha-cot-standard-paygo', 'gcp-ha-cot-premium-paygo']. For HA by Node byol ['gcp-cot-premium-byol'].
- `mediator_zone` (String) The zone for mediator. Option for HA pair only.
- `network_project_id` (String) The project id in GCP associated with the Subnet. If not provided, it is assumed that the Subnet is within the previously specified project id.
- `node1_zone` (String) Zone for node 1. Option for HA pair only.
- `node2_zone` (String) Zone for node 2. Option for HA pair only.
- `nss_account` (String) The NetApp Support Site account ID to use with this Cloud Volumes ONTAP system. If the license type is BYOL and an NSS account isn't provided, Cloud Manager tries to use the first existing NSS account.
- `ontap_version` (String) The required ONTAP version. Ignored if 'use_latest_version' is set to true.
- `platform_serial_number` (String) The serial number for the system. Required when using 'gcp-cot-premium-byol'.
- `platform_serial_number_node1` (String) For HA BYOL, the serial number for the first node. Option for HA pair only.
- `platform_serial_number_node2` (String) For HA BYOL, the serial number for the second node. Option for HA pair only.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `provided_license` (String) Using a NLF license file for BYOL deployment
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified Cloud Manager CVO for GCP should exist or not.
- `subnet0_node_and_data_connectivity` (String) Subnet path for nic1, required for node and data connectivity. If using shared VPC, network_project_id must be provided. Option for HA pair only.
- `subnet1_cluster_connectivity` (String) Subnet path for nic2, required for cluster connectivity. Option for HA pair only.
- `subnet2_ha_connectivity` (String) Subnet path for nic3, required for HA connectivity. Option for HA pair only.
- `subnet3_data_replication` (String) Subnet path for nic4, required for HA connectivity. Option for HA pair only.
- `subnet_id` (String) The name of the subnet for Cloud Volumes ONTAP.
- `subnet_path` (String) Subnet path for a single node cluster.
- `svm_name` (String) The name of the SVM.
- `svm_password` (String) The admin password for Cloud Volumes ONTAP. It will be updated on each run.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tier_level` (String) The tiering level when 'capacity_tier' is set to 'cloudStorage'.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_svm_password` (Boolean) Indicates whether to update svm_password on the CVO. When set to true, the module is not idempotent, as we cannot read the current password.
- `upgrade_ontap_version` (Boolean) Indicates whether to upgrade ONTAP image on the CVO. If the current version already matches the desired version, no action is taken.
- `use_latest_version` (Boolean) Indicates whether to use the latest available ONTAP version.
- `vpc0_firewall_rule_name` (String) Firewall rule name for vpc1. Option for HA pair only.
- `vpc0_node_and_data_connectivity` (String) VPC path for nic1, required for node and data connectivity. If using shared VPC, network_project_id must be provided. Option for HA pair only.
- `vpc1_cluster_connectivity` (String) VPC path for nic2, required for cluster connectivity. Option for HA pair only.
- `vpc1_firewall_rule_name` (String) Firewall rule name for vpc2. Option for HA pair only.
- `vpc2_firewall_rule_name` (String) Firewall rule name for vpc3. Option for HA pair only.
- `vpc2_ha_connectivity` (String) VPC path for nic3, required for HA connectivity. Option for HA pair only.
- `vpc3_data_replication` (String) VPC path for nic4, required for data replication. Option for HA pair only.
- `vpc3_firewall_rule_name` (String) Firewall rule name for vpc4. Option for HA pair only.
- `workspace_id` (String) The ID of the Cloud Manager workspace where you want to deploy Cloud Volumes ONTAP. If not provided, Cloud Manager uses the first workspace. You can find the ID from the Workspace tab on [https://cloudmanager.netapp.com].
- `writing_speed_state` (String) The write speed setting for Cloud Volumes ONTAP ['NORMAL','HIGH']. Default value is 'NORMAL' for non-HA GCP CVO This argument is not relevant for HA pairs.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `working_environment_id` (String) Newly created GCP CVO working_environment_id.
