---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_object_store Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_object_store (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the object store config to manage.

### Optional

- `access_key` (String) Access key ID for AWS_S3 and SGWS provider types.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `certificate_validation_enabled` (Boolean) Is SSL/TLS certificate validation enabled? If not specified, ONTAP will default to true.
- `change_password` (Boolean) By default, the secret_password is used on create but ignored if the resource already exists. If set to true, the module always attempt to change the paswword as it cannot read the current value. When this is set to true, the module is not idempotent.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `container` (String) Data bucket/container name used in S3 requests.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `owner` (String) Owner of the target.  Cannot be modifed. With REST, allowed values are fabricpool or snapmirror.  A target can be used by only one feature. With ZAPI, the only allowed value is fabricpool. If absent, fabricpool is assumed on creation.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) Port number of the object store that ONTAP uses when establishing a connection.
- `provider_type` (String) The name of the object store config provider.
- `secret_password` (String) Secret access key for AWS_S3 and SGWS provider types.
- `server` (String) Fully qualified domain name of the object store config.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssl_enabled` (Boolean) Is SSL enabled? If not specified, ONTAP will default to true.
- `state` (String) Whether the specified object store config should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
