---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_grid_ilm_rule Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_grid_ilm_rule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Displayed name of the ILM rule. A representative and unique name for the ILM rule. Immutable once the ILM rule is created

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bucket_filter` (String) S3 or Swift bucket(s) to which the ILM rule applies. If omitted, matches all objects in any specified tenant accounts
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A short description of the ILM rule to indicate its purpose
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filters` (String) Filtering criteria used to determine if the ILM rule shall be applied to the evaluated object. An ILM rule without filters applies to all objects
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ingest_behavior` (String) How objects matching this rule are stored on ingest. dual-commit creates interim copies and applies the rule later. strict and balanced immediately create the copies specified in the rule's day 0 instructions. balanced uses dual-commit if following the rule instructions is not possible.
- `placements` (String) Specifies where and how object data that matches the ILM rule is stored
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reference_time` (String) Indicates the time from which the ILM rule is applied
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified rule should exist.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tenant_account_id` (String) One or more S3 or Swift tenant account IDs to which the ILM rule applies If omitted, applies to all objects
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Should https certificates be validated?

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `resp` (String) Returns information about the StorageGRID ILM rule.
