---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_asup Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_asup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Enable active/proactive monitoring for ASUP. When a problem is detected by our monitoring systems, it's possible that the bundle did not contain all of the required information at the time of the event. Enabling this option allows NetApp support personnel to manually request transmission or re-transmission of support data in order ot resolve the problem. Only applicable if *state=enabled*.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `days` (String) A list of days of the week that ASUP bundles will be sent. A larger, weekly bundle will be sent on one of the provided days.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `email` (String) Information particular to the e-mail delivery method. Uses the SMTP protocol. Required when *method==email*.
- `end` (Number) An end hour may be specified in a range from 1 to 24 hours. ASUP bundles will be sent daily between the provided start and end time (UTC). *start* must be less than *end*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `maintenance_duration` (Number) The duration of time the ASUP maintenance mode will be active. Permittable range is between 1 and 72 hours. Required when *state==maintenance_enabled*.
- `maintenance_emails` (String) List of email addresses for maintenance notifications. Required when *state==maintenance_enabled*.
- `method` (String) AutoSupport dispatch delivery method.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `proxy` (String) Information particular to the proxy delivery method. Required when *(method==https or method==http* and routing_type==proxy).
- `routing_type` (String) AutoSupport routing Required when *method==https or method==http*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `start` (Number) A start hour may be specified in a range from 0 to 23 hours. ASUP bundles will be sent daily between the provided start and end time (UTC). *start* must be less than *end*.
- `state` (String) Enable/disable the E-Series auto-support configuration or maintenance mode. When this option is enabled, configuration, logs, and other support-related information will be relayed to NetApp to help better support your system. No personally identifiable information, passwords, etc, will be collected. The maintenance state enables the maintenance window which allows maintenance activities to be performed on the storage array without generating support cases. Maintenance mode cannot be enabled unless ASUP has previously been enabled.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate` (Boolean) Validate ASUP configuration.

### Read-Only

- `asup` (Boolean) True if ASUP is enabled.
- `cfg` (String) Provide the full ASUP configuration.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Success message
