---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_cloudmanager_na_cloudmanager_cvo_azure Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_cloudmanager_na_cloudmanager_cvo_azure (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cidr` (String) The CIDR of the VNET. If not provided, resource needs az login to authorize and fetch the cidr details from Azure.
- `client_id` (String) The connector ID of the Cloud Manager Connector. You can find the ID from the Connector tab on [https://cloudmanager.netapp.com].
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `location` (String) The location where the working environment will be created.
- `name` (String) The name of the Cloud Manager CVO for AZURE to manage.
- `subnet_id` (String) The name of the subnet for the Cloud Volumes ONTAP system.
- `subscription_id` (String) The ID of the Azure subscription.
- `svm_password` (String) The admin password for Cloud Volumes ONTAP. It will be updated on each run.
- `vnet_id` (String) The name of the virtual network.

### Optional

- `allow_deploy_in_existing_rg` (Boolean) Indicates if to allow creation in existing resource group.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `availability_zone` (Number) The availability zone on the location configuration.
- `availability_zone_node1` (Number) The node1 availability zone on the location configuration for HA.
- `availability_zone_node2` (Number) The node2 availability zone on the location configuration for HA.
- `azure_encryption_parameters` (String) AZURE encryption parameters. It is required if using AZURE encryption.
- `azure_tag` (String) Additional tags for the AZURE CVO working environment.
- `backup_volumes_to_cbs` (Boolean) Automatically enable back up of all volumes to S3.
- `capacity_package_name` (String) Capacity package name is required when selecting a capacity based license. Essential only available with Bring Your Own License Capacity-Based. Professional available as an annual contract from a cloud provider or Bring Your Own License Capacity-Based.
- `capacity_tier` (String) Whether to enable data tiering for the first data aggregate.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cloud_provider_account` (String) The cloud provider credentials id to use when deploying the Cloud Volumes ONTAP system. You can find the ID in Cloud Manager from the Settings > Credentials page. If not specified, Cloud Manager uses the instance profile of the Connector.
- `data_encryption_type` (String) The type of encryption to use for the working environment.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disk_size` (Number) Azure volume size for the first data aggregate. For GB, the value can be [100, 500]. For TB, the value can be [1,2,4,8,16].
- `disk_size_unit` (String) The unit for disk size.
- `enable_compliance` (Boolean) Enable the Cloud Compliance service on the working environment.
- `enable_monitoring` (Boolean) Enable the Monitoring service on the working environment.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ha_enable_https` (Boolean) For HA, enable the HTTPS connection from CVO to storage accounts. This can impact write performance. The default is false.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `instance_type` (String) The type of instance to use, which depends on the license type you chose. Explore ['Standard_DS3_v2']. Standard ['Standard_DS4_v2, Standard_DS13_v2, Standard_L8s_v2']. Premium ['Standard_DS5_v2', 'Standard_DS14_v2']. For more supported instance types, refer to Cloud Volumes ONTAP Release Notes.
- `is_ha` (Boolean) Indicate whether the working environment is an HA pair or not.
- `license_type` (String) The type of license to use. For single node by Capacity ['capacity-paygo']. For single node by Node paygo ['azure-cot-explore-paygo', 'azure-cot-standard-paygo', 'azure-cot-premium-paygo']. For single node by Node byol ['azure-cot-premium-byol']. For HA by Capacity ['ha-capacity-paygo']. For HA by Node paygo ['azure-ha-cot-standard-paygo', 'azure-ha-cot-premium-paygo']. For HA by Node byol ['azure-ha-cot-premium-byol'].
- `nss_account` (String) The NetApp Support Site account ID to use with this Cloud Volumes ONTAP system. If the license type is BYOL and an NSS account isn't provided, Cloud Manager tries to use the first existing NSS account.
- `ontap_version` (String) The required ONTAP version. Ignored if 'use_latest_version' is set to true.
- `platform_serial_number_node1` (String) For HA BYOL, the serial number for the first node.
- `platform_serial_number_node2` (String) For HA BYOL, the serial number for the second node.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `provided_license` (String) Using a NLF license file for BYOL deployment.
- `resource_group` (String) The resource_group where Cloud Volumes ONTAP will be created. If not provided, Cloud Manager generates the resource group name (name of the working environment/CVO with suffix '-rg'). If the resource group does not exist, it is created.
- `security_group_id` (String) The ID of the security group for the working environment. If not provided, Cloud Manager creates the security group.
- `serial_number` (String) The serial number for the cluster. Required when using one of these, 'azure-cot-premium-byol' or 'azure-ha-cot-premium-byol'.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified Cloud Manager CVO for AZURE should exist or not.
- `storage_type` (String) The type of storage for the first data aggregate.
- `svm_name` (String) The name of the SVM.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tier_level` (String) If capacity_tier is Blob, this argument indicates the tiering level.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_svm_password` (Boolean) Indicates whether to update svm_password on the CVO. When set to true, the module is not idempotent, as we cannot read the current password.
- `upgrade_ontap_version` (Boolean) Indicates whether to upgrade ONTAP image on the CVO. If the current version already matches the desired version, no action is taken.
- `use_latest_version` (Boolean) Indicates whether to use the latest available ONTAP version.
- `vnet_resource_group` (String) The resource group in Azure associated to the virtual network.
- `workspace_id` (String) The ID of the Cloud Manager workspace where you want to deploy Cloud Volumes ONTAP. If not provided, Cloud Manager uses the first workspace. You can find the ID from the Workspace tab on [https://cloudmanager.netapp.com].
- `writing_speed_state` (String) The write speed setting for Cloud Volumes ONTAP ['NORMAL','HIGH']. This argument is not relevant for HA pairs.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `working_environment_id` (String) Newly created AZURE CVO working_environment_id.
