---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_grid_alert_receiver Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_grid_alert_receiver (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `type` (String) The type of notification receiver.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `ca_cert` (String) CA certificate used to verify the identity of the SMTP server.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client_cert` (String) Client certificate for the SMTP server.
- `client_key` (String) The PEM-encoded private key for the client certificate.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable` (Boolean) Whether alert notifications are sent to this receiver.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `from_email` (String) Sender email address.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `minimum_severity` (String) Minimum severity level for triggering an alert.
- `password` (String) Use `smtp_password` instead. This parameter has been deprecated.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `smtp_host` (String) The IP address or hostname of the SMTP server.
- `smtp_password` (String) Password for the SMTP server.
- `smtp_port` (Number) The port to use to communicate with the SMTP server.
- `smtp_username` (String) Username for the SMTP server.
- `state` (String) Whether the alert receiver should be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `to_emails` (String) List of recipient email addresses.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Use `smtp_username` instead. This parameter has been deprecated.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `resp` (String) Returns the response from the StorageGRID API for alert receiver.
