---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_netapp_e_auditlog Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_netapp_e_auditlog (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Forces the audit-log configuration to delete log history when log messages fullness cause immediate warning or full condition. Warning! This will cause any existing audit-log messages to be deleted. This is only applicable for *full_policy=preventSystemAccess*.
- `full_policy` (String) Specifies what audit-log should do once the number of entries approach the record limit.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `log_level` (String) Filters the log messages according to the specified log level selection.
- `log_path` (String) A local path to a file to be used for debug logging.
- `max_records` (Number) The maximum number log messages audit-log will retain. Max records must be between and including 100 and 50000.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `threshold` (Number) This is the memory full percent threshold that audit-log will start issuing warning messages. Percent range must be between and including 60 and 90.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Success message
