---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_cifs_unix_symlink_mapping Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_cifs_unix_symlink_mapping (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `unix_path` (String) Specifies the UNIX path prefix to be matched for the mapping. It must begin and end with a forward slash (/).
- `vserver` (String) Name of the vserver to use.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cifs_path` (String) Specifies the CIFS path on the destination to which the symbolic link maps. Note that this value is specified by using a UNIX-style path. It must begin and end with a forward slash (/).
- `cifs_server` (String) Specifies the destination CIFS server (DNS name, IP address, or NetBIOS name). This field is mandatory if the locality of the symbolic link is 'widelink'.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `home_directory` (Boolean) Specify if the destination share is a home directory. The default value is false.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `locality` (String) Specifies whether the CIFS symbolic link is a local link or wide link. The default setting is local. The following values are supported local - Local symbolic link maps only to the same CIFS share. widelink - Wide symbolic link maps to any CIFS share on the network.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `share_name` (String) Specifies the CIFS share name on the destination CIFS server to which the UNIX symbolic link is pointing.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified symlink mapping should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
