---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_netapp_e_auth Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_netapp_e_auth (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `new_password` (String) The password you would like to set. Cannot be more than 30 characters.

### Optional

- `api_password` (String) The password used to authenticate against the API This can optionally be set via an environment variable, API_PASSWORD
- `api_url` (String) The full API url. Example: http://ENDPOINT:8080/devmgr/v2 This can optionally be set via an environment variable, API_URL
- `api_username` (String) The username used to authenticate against the API This can optionally be set via an environment variable, API_USERNAME
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `current_password` (String) The current admin password. This is not required if the password hasn't been set before.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The name of the storage array. Note that if more than one storage array with this name is detected, the task will fail and you'll have to use the ID instead.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `set_admin` (Boolean) Boolean value on whether to update the admin password. If set to false then the RO account is updated.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssid` (String) the identifier of the storage array in the Web Services Proxy.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Should https certificates be validated?

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Success message
