---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_fpolicy_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_fpolicy_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `events` (String) Events for file access monitoring.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the policy.
- `vserver` (String) the name of the vserver to create the policy on

### Optional

- `allow_privileged_access` (Boolean) Specifies if privileged access should be given to FPolicy servers registered for the policy.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `engine` (String) Name of the Engine. External engines must be created prior to running this task.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_mandatory` (Boolean) Specifies the action to take on a file access event in the case when all primary and secondary servers are down or no response is received from the FPolicy servers within a given timeout period. When True, file access events will be denied under these circumstances
- `is_passthrough_read_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies if passthrough-read should be allowed to FPolicy servers registered for the policy.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `privileged_user_name` (String) User name for privileged access.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the fPolicy policy should exist or not
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
