---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_lun_map Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_lun_map (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `initiator_group_name` (String) Initiator group to map to the given LUN.
- `path` (String) Path of the LUN. For ASA R2 systems, The path should match the format <name>[@<snapshot-name>].
- `vserver` (String) The name of the vserver to use.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lun_id` (String) LUN ID assigned for the map.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified LUN should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `lun_naa_id` (String) The Network Address Authority (NAA) identifier for the LUN.
- `lun_node` (String) NetApp controller that is hosting the LUN. (Note Not returned with REST)
- `lun_ostype` (String) Specifies the OS of the host accessing the LUN.
- `lun_serial` (String) A unique, 12-byte, ASCII string used to identify the LUN.
- `lun_size` (Number) Size of the LUN in bytes.
- `lun_state` (String) Online or offline status of the LUN.
