---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_cloudmanager_na_cloudmanager_cifs_server Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_cloudmanager_na_cloudmanager_cifs_server (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_id` (String) The connector ID of the Cloud Manager Connector.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dns_domain` (String) The DNS domain name. For CIFS AD only.
- `domain` (String) The active directory domain name. For CIFS AD only.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_addresses` (String) The DNS server IP addresses. For CIFS AD only.
- `is_workgroup` (Boolean) For CIFS workgroup operations, set to true.
- `netbios` (String) The CIFS server NetBIOS name. For CIFS AD only.
- `organizational_unit` (String) The organizational unit in which to register the CIFS server. For CIFS AD only.
- `password` (String) The active directory admin password. For CIFS AD only.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `server_name` (String) The server name. For CIFS workgroup only.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified cifs server should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) The active directory admin user name. For CIFS AD only.
- `workgroup_name` (String) The workgroup name. For CIFS workgroup only.
- `working_environment_id` (String) The public ID of the working environment where the cifs server will be created.
- `working_environment_name` (String) The working environment name where the cifs server will be created.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
