---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_mav_rule Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_mav_rule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `operation` (String) Specifies the command that requires one or more approvals.

### Optional

- `approval_expiry` (String) Specifies the time, in ISO-8601 duration format, that the approvers have after a new execution request is submitted to approve or disapprove the request before the request expires. The default value is one hour (PT1H), the minimum supported value is one second (PT1S), and the maximum supported value is 14 days (P14D).
- `approval_groups` (String) Specifies the list of approval groups that are allowed to approve requests for rules that don't have approval groups.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_request_create` (Boolean) When true, ONTAP automatically creates a request for any failed operation where there is no matching pending request. Defaults to True.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `execution_expiry` (String) Specifies the time, in ISO-8601 duration format, that the authorized users have after a request is approved to execute the requested operation before the request expires. The default value is one hour (PT1H), the minimum supported value is one second (PT1S), and the maximum supported value is 14 days (P14D).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `query` (String) Specifies the query information which is applied to the subset of objects of ONTAP operation of the rule.
- `required_approvers` (Number) Specifies the number of required approvers, excluding the user that made the request. The default and minimum number of required approvers is 1.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specifies whether to create/modify or delete the specified rule.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
