---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_volume Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_volume (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the volume to manage.
- `vserver` (String) Name of the vserver to use.

### Optional

- `activity_tracking` (String) Sets activity tracking state of the volume. Only supported with REST and requires ONTAP 9.10 or later version.
- `aggr_list` (String) an array of names of aggregates to be used for FlexGroup constituents.
- `aggr_list_multiplier` (Number) The number of times to iterate over the aggregates listed with the aggr_list parameter when creating a FlexGroup.
- `aggregate_name` (String) The name of the aggregate the flexvol should exist on. Cannot be set when using the `nas_application_template` option.
- `analytics` (String) Sets file system analytics state of the volume. Only supported with REST and requires ONTAP 9.8 or later version. Cannot enable analytics for volume that contains luns.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `atime_update` (Boolean) This is an advanced option, the default is True. If false, prevent the update of inode access times when a file is read. This value is useful for volumes with extremely high read traffic, since it prevents writes to the inode file for the volume from contending with reads from other files. This field should be used carefully. That is, use this field when you know in advance that the correct access time for inodes will not be needed for files on that volume. This option is supported in REST for ONTAP 9.8 or later with ONTAP collection version 22.8.0 or later.
- `auto_provision_as` (String) Automatically provision a FlexGroup volume.
- `auto_remap_luns` (Boolean) Flag to control automatic map of LUNs.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `check_interval` (Number) The amount of time in seconds to wait between checks of a volume to see if it has moved successfully.
- `comment` (String) Sets a comment associated with the volume.
- `compression` (Boolean) Whether to enable compression for the volume (HDD and Flash Pool aggregates). If this option is not present, it is automatically set to true if inline_compression is true.
- `cutover_action` (String) Specifies the action to be taken for cutover. Possible values are 'abort_on_failure', 'defer_on_failure', 'force' and 'wait'. Default is 'defer_on_failure'.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `efficiency_policy` (String) Allows a storage efficiency policy to be set on volume creation.
- `encrypt` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable Volume Encryption. If not present, ONTAP defaults to false at volume creation. Changing encrypt value after creation requires ONTAP 9.3 or later.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `export_policy` (String) Name of the export policy. Mutually exclusive with nfs_access suboption in nas_application_template.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_restore` (Boolean) If this field is set to "true", the Snapshot copy is restored even if the volume has one or more newer Snapshot copies which are currently used as reference Snapshot copy by SnapMirror. If a restore is done in this situation, this will cause future SnapMirror transfers to fail. Option should only be used along with snapshot_restore.
- `force_unmap_luns` (Boolean) Flag to control automatic unmap of LUNs.
- `from_name` (String) Name of the existing volume to be renamed to name.
- `from_vserver` (String) The source vserver of the volume is rehosted.
- `granular_data` (Boolean) State of granular data on the volume. Only FlexGroup volumes support this feature. Once enabled, this setting can only be disabled by restoring a Snapshot copy. Only supported with REST and requires ONTAP 9.12 or later.
- `group_id` (Number) The UNIX group ID for the volume. The default value is 0 ('root').
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `inline_compression` (Boolean) Whether to enable inline compression for the volume (HDD and Flash Pool aggregates, AFF platforms).
- `is_infinite` (Boolean) Set True if the volume is an Infinite Volume. Deleting an infinite volume is asynchronous.
- `is_online` (Boolean) Whether the specified volume is online, or not.
- `junction_path` (String) Junction path of the volume. To unmount, use junction path `''`.
- `lambda_config` (String) Configuration parameters for AWS Lambda proxy functionality. These option and suboptions are only supported with REST.
- `language` (String) Language to use for Volume Default uses SVM language Possible values   Language c                 POSIX ar                Arabic cs                Czech da                Danish de                German en                English en_us             English (US) es                Spanish fi                Finnish fr                French he                Hebrew hr                Croatian hu                Hungarian it                Italian ja                Japanese euc-j ja_v1             Japanese euc-j ja_jp.pck         Japanese PCK (sjis) ja_jp.932         Japanese cp932 ja_jp.pck_v2      Japanese PCK (sjis) ko                Korean no                Norwegian nl                Dutch pl                Polish pt                Portuguese ro                Romanian ru                Russian sk                Slovak sl                Slovenian sv                Swedish tr                Turkish zh                Simplified Chinese zh.gbk            Simplified Chinese (GBK) zh_tw             Traditional Chinese euc-tw zh_tw.big5        Traditional Chinese Big 5 To use UTF-8 as the NFS character set, append '.UTF-8' to the language code
- `large_size_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the support for large FlexVol volumes and large files is enabled on this volume.
- `logical_space_enforcement` (Boolean) This optionally specifies whether to perform logical space accounting on the volume. When space is enforced logically, ONTAP enforces volume settings such that all the physical space saved by the storage efficiency features will be calculated as used. This is only supported with REST.
- `logical_space_reporting` (Boolean) This optionally specifies whether to report space logically on the volume. When space is reported logically, ONTAP reports the volume space such that all the physical space saved by the storage efficiency features are also reported as used. This is only supported with REST.
- `max_files` (Number) The maximum number of files (inodes) for user-visible data allowed on the volume. Note - ONTAP allocates a slightly different value, for instance 3990 when asking for 4000. Tp preserve idempotency, small variations in size are ignored.
- `max_wait_time` (Number) Volume move and encryption operations might take longer time to complete. With `wait_for_completion` set, module will wait for time set in this option for volume move and encryption to complete. If time exipres, module exit and the operation may still be running. Default is set to 10 minutes.
- `nas_application_template` (String) additional options when using the application/applications REST API to create a volume. the module is using ZAPI by default, and switches to REST if any suboption is present. create a FlexVol by default. create a FlexGroup if `auto_provision_as` is set and `FlexCache` option is not present. create a FlexCache if `flexcache` option is present.
- `nvfail_enabled` (Boolean) If true, the controller performs additional work at boot and takeover times if it finds that there has been any potential data loss in the volume's constituents due to an NVRAM failure. The volume's constituents would be put in a special state called 'in-nvfailed-state' such that protocol access is blocked. This will cause the client applications to crash and thus prevent access to stale data. To get out of this situation, the admin needs to manually clear the 'in-nvfailed-state' on the volume's constituents.
- `percent_snapshot_space` (Number) Amount of space reserved for snapshot copies of the volume.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `preserve_lun_ids` (Boolean) If this field is set to "true", LUNs in the volume being restored will remain mapped and their identities preserved such that host connectivity will not be disrupted during the restore operation. I/O's to the LUN will be fenced during the restore operation by placing the LUNs in an unavailable state. Once the restore operation has completed, hosts will be able to resume I/O access to the LUNs. Option should only be used along with snapshot_restore.
- `qos_adaptive_policy_group` (String) Specifies a QoS adaptive policy group to be set on volume.
- `qos_policy_group` (String) Specifies a QoS policy group to be set on volume.
- `size` (Number) The size of the volume in (size_unit). Required when `state=present`.
- `size_change_threshold` (Number) Percentage in size change to trigger a resize. When this parameter is greater than 0, a difference in size between what is expected and what is configured is ignored if it is below the threshold. For instance, the nas application allocates a larger size than specified to account for overhead. When using `nas_application_template`, if the overhead size difference is within the threshold, the module updates the size parameter to match the allocated size for idempotency in subsequent runs. If the difference exceeds the threshold, the volume will be resized to the requested size. For regular volumes (without nas_application_template), size differences within the threshold are ignored without parameter updates. Set this to 0 for an exact match.
- `size_unit` (String) The unit used to interpret the size parameter.
- `sizing_method` (String) Represents the method to modify the size of a FlexGroup. use_existing_resources - Increases or decreases the size of the FlexGroup by increasing or decreasing the size of the current FlexGroup resources. add_new_resources - Increases the size of the FlexGroup by adding new resources. This is limited to two new resources per available aggregate. This is only supported if REST is enabled (ONTAP 9.6 or later) and only for FlexGroups.  ONTAP defaults to use_existing_resources.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapdir_access` (Boolean) This is an advanced option, the default is False. Enable the visible '.snapshot' directory that is normally present at system internal mount points. This value also turns on access to all other '.snapshot' directories in the volume. This option is supported in REST for ONTAP 9.13.1 or later with ONTAP collection version 22.8.0 or later.
- `snaplock` (String) Starting with ONTAP 9.10.1, snaplock.type is set at the volume level. The other suboptions can be set or modified when using REST on earlier versions of ONTAP. These option and suboptions are only supported with REST.
- `snapshot_auto_delete` (String) A dictionary for the auto delete options and values. All the above mentioned options except 'destroy_list' are supported in REST for ONTAP 9.13.1 or later with ONTAP collection version 22.8.0 or later.
- `snapshot_locking` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not snapshot copy locking is enabled on the volume. Only supported with REST and requires ONTAP 9.12 or later.
- `snapshot_policy` (String) The name of the snapshot policy. The default policy name is 'default'. If present, this will set the protection_type when using `nas_application_template`.
- `snapshot_restore` (String) Name of snapshot to restore from. Not supported on Infinite Volume.
- `space_guarantee` (String) Space guarantee style for the volume. The file setting is no longer supported.
- `space_slo` (String) Specifies the space SLO type for the volume. The space SLO type is the Service Level Objective for space management for the volume. The space SLO value is used to enforce existing volume settings so that sufficient space is set aside on the aggregate to meet the space SLO. This parameter is not supported on Infinite Volumes.
- `state` (String) Whether the specified volume should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tiering_minimum_cooling_days` (Number) Determines how many days must pass before inactive data in a volume using the Auto or Snapshot-Only policy is considered cold and eligible for tiering. This option is only supported in REST 9.8 or later.
- `tiering_object_tags` (String) This parameter specifies tags of a volume for objects stored on a FabricPool-enabled aggregate. Each tag is a key,value pair and should be in the format "key=value". A maximum of 4 tags are allowed per volume. To remove all existing tiering object tags, specify an empty list as the parameter value.
- `tiering_policy` (String) The tiering policy that is to be associated with the volume. This policy decides whether the blocks of a volume will be tiered to the capacity tier. snapshot-only policy allows tiering of only the volume snapshot copies not associated with the active file system. auto policy allows tiering of both snapshot and active file system user data to the capacity tier. backup policy on DP volumes allows all transferred user data blocks to start in the capacity tier. all is the REST equivalent for backup. When set to none, the Volume blocks will not be tiered to the capacity tier. If no value specified, the volume is assigned snapshot only by default. Requires ONTAP 9.4 or later.
- `time_out` (Number) With ZAPI - time to wait for Flexgroup creation, modification, or deletion in seconds. With REST - time to wait for any volume creation, modification, or deletion in seconds. Error out if task is not completed in defined time. With ZAPI - if 0, the request is asynchronous. Default is set to 3 minutes. Use `max_wait_time` and `wait_for_completion` for volume move and encryption operations.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The volume type, either read-write (RW) or data-protection (DP).
- `unix_permissions` (String) Unix permission bits in octal or symbolic format. For example, 0 is equivalent to ------------, 777 is equivalent to ---rwxrwxrwx,both formats are accepted. The valid octal value ranges between 0 and 777 inclusive.
- `user_id` (Number) The UNIX user ID for the volume. The default value is 0 ('root').
- `vol_full_threshold_percent` (Number) Specifies the percentage at which the volume is considered full, and above which a critical EMS error will be generated. The default value is 98%. The maximum value for this option is 100%. Setting this threshold to 0 disables the volume full space alerts. Supported only with REST and requires ONTAP 9.9 or later.
- `vol_nearly_full_threshold_percent` (Number) Specifies the percentage at which the volume is considered nearly full, and above which an EMS warning will be generated. The default value is 95%. The maximum value for this option is 99%. Setting this threshold to 0 disables the volume nearly full space alerts. Supported only with REST and requires ONTAP 9.9 or later.
- `volume_security_style` (String) The security style associated with this volume.
- `vserver_dr_protection` (String) Specifies the protection type for the volume in a Vserver DR setup.
- `wait_for_completion` (Boolean) Set this parameter to 'true' for synchronous execution during create (wait until volume status is online) Set this parameter to 'false' for asynchronous execution For asynchronous, execution exits as soon as the request is sent, without checking volume status

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
