---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_snapshot Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_snapshot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_name` (String) Name of the snapshot consistency group or snapshot volume. Be sure to use different names for snapshot consistency groups and snapshot volumes to avoid name conflicts.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `alert_threshold_pct` (Number) Percent of filled reserve capacity to issue alert.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `maximum_snapshots` (Number) Total number of snapshot images to maintain.
- `pit_description` (String) Arbitrary description for a consistency group's snapshot images
- `pit_name` (String) Name of a consistency group's snapshot images.
- `pit_timestamp` (String) Snapshot image timestamp in the YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS (AM|PM) (hours, minutes, seconds, and day-period are optional) Define only as much time as necessary to distinguish the desired snapshot image from the others. 24 hour time will be assumed if day-period indicator (AM, PM) is not specified. The terms latest and oldest may be used to select newest and oldest consistency group images. Mutually exclusive with *pit_name or pit_description*
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `preferred_reserve_storage_pool` (String) Default preferred storage pool or volume group for the reserve capacity volume. The base volume's storage pool or volume group will be selected by default if not defined. Used to specify storage pool or volume group for both snapshot consistency group volume members and snapshot volumes
- `reserve_capacity_full_policy` (String) Policy for full reserve capacity. Purge deletes the oldest snapshot image for the base volume in the consistency group. Reject writes to base volume (keep snapshot images valid).
- `reserve_capacity_pct` (Number) Default percentage of base volume capacity to reserve for snapshot copy-on-writes (COW). Used to define reserve capacity for both snapshot consistency group volume members and snapshot volumes.
- `rollback_backup` (Boolean) Whether a point-in-time snapshot should be taken prior to performing a rollback.
- `rollback_priority` (String) Storage system priority given to restoring snapshot point in time.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) When *state==absent* ensures the *type* has been removed. When *state==present* ensures the *type* is available. When *state==rollback* the consistency group will be rolled back to the point-in-time snapshot images selected by *pit_name or pit_timestamp*. *state==rollback* will always return changed since it is not possible to evaluate the current state of the base volume in relation to a snapshot image.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Type of snapshot object to effect. Group indicates a snapshot consistency group; consistency groups may have one or more base volume members which are defined in *volumes*. Pit indicates a snapshot consistency group point-in-time image(s); a snapshot image will be taken of each base volume when *state==present*. Warning! When *state==absent and type==pit*, *pit_name* or *pit_timestamp* must be defined and all point-in-time images created prior to the selection will also be deleted. View indicates a consistency group snapshot volume of particular point-in-time image(s); snapshot volumes will be created for each base volume member. Views are created from images from a single point-in-time so once created they cannot be modified.
- `view_host` (String) Default host or host group to map snapshot volumes.
- `view_name` (String) Consistency group snapshot volume group. Required when *state==volume* or when ensuring the views absence when *state==absent*.
- `view_validate` (Boolean) Default whether snapshop volumes should be validated.
- `view_writable` (Boolean) Default whether snapshot volumes should be writable.
- `volumes` (String) Details for each consistency group base volume for defining reserve capacity, preferred reserve capacity storage pool, and snapshot volume options. When *state==present and type==group* the volume entries will be used to add or remove base volume from a snapshot consistency group. When *state==present and type==view* the volume entries will be used to select images from a point-in-time for their respective snapshot volumes. If *state==present and type==view* and *volume* is not specified then all volumes will be selected with the defaults. Views are created from images from a single point-in-time so once created they cannot be modified. When *state==rollback* then *volumes* can be used to specify which base volumes to rollback; otherwise all consistency group volumes will rollback.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `deleted_metadata_keys` (String) Keys that were purged from the key-value datastore.
- `group_changes` (String) All changes performed to the consistency group.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
