---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_volume_clone Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_volume_clone (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the volume clone being created.
- `parent_volume` (String) The parent volume of the volume clone being created.
- `vserver` (String) Vserver in which the volume clone should be created.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gid` (Number) The UNIX group ID for the clone volume.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `junction_path` (String) Junction path of the volume.
- `parent_snapshot` (String) Parent snapshot in which volume clone is created off.
- `parent_vserver` (String) Vserver of parent volume in which clone is created off.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `qos_policy_group_name` (String) The qos-policy-group-name which should be set for volume clone.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `space_reserve` (String) The space_reserve setting which should be used for the volume clone.
- `split` (Boolean) Split clone volume from parent volume.
- `state` (String) Whether volume clone should be created.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `time_out` (Number) With `wait_for_completion` set, specifies time to wait for clone/split operation in seconds. Only supported with REST.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uid` (Number) The UNIX user ID for the clone volume.
- `volume_type` (String) The volume-type setting which should be used for the volume clone.
- `wait_for_completion` (Boolean) Set this parameter to 'true' for synchronous execution. For asynchronous, execution exits as soon as the request is sent, and the operation continues in the background. Only supported with REST.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
