---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the user to manage.

### Optional

- `application_dicts` (String) List of applications to grant access to.  Provides better control on applications and authentication methods. Creating a login with application console, telnet, rsh, and service-processor for a data vserver is not supported. Module supports both service-processor and service_processor choices. ZAPI requires service-processor, while REST requires service_processor, except for an issue with ONTAP 9.6 and 9.7. snmp is not supported in REST. Either `application_dicts` or `application_strs` is required.
- `application_strs` (String) List of applications to grant access to. This option maintains backward compatibility with the existing `applications` option, but is limited. It is recommended to use the new `application_dicts` option which provides more flexibility. Creating a login with application console, telnet, rsh, and service-processor for a data vserver is not supported. Module supports both service-processor and service_processor choices. ZAPI requires service-processor, while REST requires service_processor, except for an issue with ONTAP 9.6 and 9.7. snmp is not supported in REST. Either `application_dicts` or `application_strs` is required.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authentication_method` (String) Authentication method for the application.  If you need more than one method, use `application_dicts`. Not all authentication methods are valid for an application. Valid authentication methods for each application are as denoted in *authentication_choices_description*. Password for console application Password, domain, nsswitch, cert, saml for http application. Password, domain, nsswitch, cert, saml for ontapi application. SAML is only supported with REST, but seems to work with ZAPI as well. Community for snmp application (when creating SNMPv1 and SNMPv2 users). The usm and community for snmp application (when creating SNMPv3 users). Password for sp application. Password for rsh application. Password for telnet application. Password, publickey, domain, nsswitch for ssh application. Required when `application_strs` is present.
- `authentication_password` (String) Password for the authentication protocol. This should be minimum 8 characters long. This is required for 'md5', 'sha' and 'sha2-256' authentication protocols and not required for 'none'. Only available for 'usm' authentication method and non modifiable.
- `authentication_protocol` (String) Authentication protocol for the snmp user. When cluster FIPS mode is on, 'sha' and 'sha2-256' are the only possible and valid values. When cluster FIPS mode is off, the default value is 'none'. When cluster FIPS mode is on, the default value is 'sha'. Only available for 'usm' authentication method and non modifiable.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `engine_id` (String) Authoritative entity's EngineID for the SNMPv3 user. This should be specified as a hexadecimal string. Engine ID with first bit set to 1 in first octet should have a minimum of 5 or maximum of 32 octets. Engine Id with first bit set to 0 in the first octet should be 12 octets in length. Engine Id cannot have all zeros in its address. Only available for 'usm' authentication method and non modifiable.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lock_user` (Boolean) Whether the specified user account is locked.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `privacy_password` (String) Password for the privacy protocol. This should be minimum 8 characters long. This is required for 'des' and 'aes128' privacy protocols and not required for 'none'. Only available for 'usm' authentication method and non modifiable.
- `privacy_protocol` (String) Privacy protocol for the snmp user. When cluster FIPS mode is on, 'aes128' is the only possible and valid value. When cluster FIPS mode is off, the default value is 'none'. When cluster FIPS mode is on, the default value is 'aes128'. Only available for 'usm' authentication method and non modifiable.
- `remote_switch_ipaddress` (String) This optionally specifies the IP Address of the remote switch. The remote switch could be a cluster switch monitored by Cluster Switch Health Monitor (CSHM) or a Fiber Channel (FC) switch monitored by Metro Cluster Health Monitor (MCC-HM). This is applicable only for a remote SNMPv3 user i.e. only if user is a remote (non-local) user, application is snmp and authentication method is usm.
- `replace_existing_apps_and_methods` (String) If the user already exists, the current applications and authentications methods are replaced when state=present. If the user already exists, the current applications and authentications methods are removed when state=absent. When using application_dicts or REST, this the only supported behavior. When using application_strs and ZAPI, this is the behavior when this option is set to always. When using application_strs and ZAPI, if the option is set to auto, applications that are not listed are not removed. When using application_strs and ZAPI, if the option is set to auto, authentication mehods that are not listed are not removed. `auto` preserve the existing behavior for backward compatibility, but note that REST and ZAPI have inconsistent behavior. This is another reason to recommend to use `application_dicts`.
- `role_name` (String) The name of the role. Required when `state=present`
- `set_password` (String) Password for the user account. It is ignored for creating snmp users, but is required for creating non-snmp users. For an existing user, this value will be used as the new password.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified user should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vserver` (String) The name of the vserver to use. Required with ZAPI. With REST, ignore this option for creating cluster scoped user account.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
