---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_security_key_manager Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_security_key_manager (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `external` (String) Configures external key manager. Not supported with ZAPI. Mutually exclusive with ip_address and onboard.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address of the external key management server. Mutually exclusive with external and onboard options. Required with ZAPI.
- `node` (String) The node which key management server runs on. Ignored, a warning is raised if present. Deprecated as of 21.22.0, as it was never used.
- `onboard` (String) Configures onboard key management. Not supported with ZAPI. Mutually exclusive with ip_address and external .
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified key manager should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tcp_port` (Number) The TCP port on which the key management server listens for incoming connections.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vserver` (String) SVM name when using an external key manager. Not supported for onboard key manager. Not supported with ZAPI.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
