---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_qos_policy_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_qos_policy_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the policy group to manage.
- `vserver` (String) Name of the vserver to use.

### Optional

- `adaptive_qos_options` (String) Adaptive QoS policy-groups define measurable service level objectives (SLOs) that adjust based on the storage object used space and the storage object allocated space. Only supported with REST.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fixed_qos_options` (String) Set Minimum and Maximum throughput defined by this policy. Only supported with REST. Required one of throughtput options when creating qos_policy.
- `force` (Boolean) Setting to 'true' forces the deletion of the workloads associated with the policy group along with the policy group. Not supported with REST.
- `from_name` (String) Name of the existing policy group to be renamed to name.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_shared` (Boolean) Whether the SLOs of the policy group are shared between the workloads or if the SLOs are applied separately to each workload. Not supported with REST, use `fixed_qos_options`.
- `max_throughput` (String) Maximum throughput defined by this policy. Not supported with REST, use `fixed_qos_options`.
- `min_throughput` (String) Minimum throughput defined by this policy. Not supported with REST, use `fixed_qos_options`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified policy group should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
