---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_netapp_e_asup Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_netapp_e_asup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Enable active/proactive monitoring for ASUP. When a problem is detected by our monitoring systems, it's possible that the bundle did not contain all of the required information at the time of the event. Enabling this option allows NetApp support personnel to manually request transmission or re-transmission of support data in order ot resolve the problem. Only applicable if *state=enabled*.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `days` (String) A list of days of the week that ASUP bundles will be sent. A larger, weekly bundle will be sent on one of the provided days.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `end` (Number) An end hour may be specified in a range from 1 to 24 hours. ASUP bundles will be sent daily between the provided start and end time (UTC). *start* must be less than *end*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `log_path` (String) A local path to a file to be used for debug logging
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `start` (Number) A start hour may be specified in a range from 0 to 23 hours. ASUP bundles will be sent daily between the provided start and end time (UTC). *start* must be less than *end*.
- `state` (String) Enable/disable the E-Series auto-support configuration. When this option is enabled, configuration, logs, and other support-related information will be relayed to NetApp to help better support your system. No personally identifiable information, passwords, etc, will be collected.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `verbose` (Boolean) Provide the full ASUP configuration in the return.

### Read-Only

- `asup` (Boolean) True if ASUP is enabled.
- `cfg` (String) Provide the full ASUP configuration.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Success message
