---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_global Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_global (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `automatic_load_balancing` (String) Enable automatic load balancing to allow incoming traffic from the hosts to be dynamically managed and balanced across both controllers. Automatic load balancing requires host connectivity reporting to be enabled.
- `cache_block_size` (Number) Size of the cache's block size. All volumes on the storage system share the same cache space; therefore, the volumes can have only one cache block size. See `netapp_eseries.santricity.na_santricity_facts` for available sizes.
- `cache_flush_threshold` (Number) This is the percentage threshold of the amount of unwritten data that is allowed to remain on the storage array's cache before flushing.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `controller_shelf_id` (Number) This is the identifier for the drive enclosure containing the controllers.
- `default_host_type` (String) Default host type for the storage system. Either one of the following names can be specified, Linux DM-MP, VMWare, Windows, Windows Clustered, or a host type index which can be found in `netapp_eseries.santricity.na_santricity_facts`
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host_connectivity_reporting` (String) Enable host connectivity reporting to allow host connections to be monitored for connection and multipath driver problems. When *automatic_load_balancing==enabled* then `netapp_eseries.santricity.host_connectivity_reporting` must be enabled.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `login_banner_message` (String) Text message that appears prior to the login page. *login_banner_message==""* will delete any existing banner message.
- `name` (String) Set the name of the E-Series storage-system This label/name doesn't have to be unique. May be up to 30 characters in length.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `array_name` (String) Current storage array's name
- `cache_settings` (String) Current cache block size and flushing threshold values
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `default_host_type_index` (Number) Current default host type index
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
