---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_netapp_e_flashcache Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_netapp_e_flashcache (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_password` (String) The password to authenticate with the SANtricity WebServices Proxy or embedded REST API.
- `api_url` (String) The url to the SANtricity WebServices Proxy or embedded REST API.
- `api_username` (String) The username to authenticate with the SANtricity WebServices Proxy or embedded REST API.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the SSD cache to manage
- `ssid` (String) The ID of the array to manage (as configured on the web services proxy).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified SSD cache should exist or not.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cache_size_min` (Number) The minimum size (in size_units) of the ssd cache. The cache will be expanded if this exceeds the current size of the cache.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `criteria_disk_phy_type` (String) Type of physical disk
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disk_count` (Number) The minimum number of disks to use for building the cache. The cache will be expanded if this number exceeds the number of disks already in place
- `disk_refs` (String) List of disk references
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `io_type` (String) The type of workload to optimize the cache for.
- `log_mode` (String) Log mode
- `log_path` (String) Log path
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `size_unit` (String) The unit to be applied to size arguments
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Should https certificates be validated?

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Success message
