---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_ems_config Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_ems_config (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `mail_from` (String) The email address that the event notification system uses as the "From" address for email notifications.
- `mail_server` (String) The name or IP address of the SMTP server that the event notification system uses to send email notification of events.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `proxy_password` (String) Password for HTTP or HTTPS proxy.
- `proxy_url` (String) HTTP or HTTPS proxy server URL used by rest-api type EMS notification destinations if your organization uses a proxy.
- `proxy_user` (String) User name for the HTTP or HTTPS proxy server if authentication is required.
- `pubsub_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not events are published to the Publish/Subscribe messaging broker. Requires ONTAP 9.10 or later.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) modify EMS configuration, only present is supported.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
