---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_firmware_upgrade Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_firmware_upgrade (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clear_logs` (Boolean) Clear logs on the device after update. Default value is true. Not used if force_disruptive_update is False. Not supported with REST when set to false.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disk_fw` (String) disk firmware to be updated to. Not used if force_disruptive_update is False (ONTAP will automatically select the firmware) Not supported with REST.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `fail_on_502_error` (Boolean) The firmware download may take time if the web server is slow and if there are many nodes in the cluster. ONTAP will break the ZAPI connection after 5 minutes with a 502 Bad Gateway error, even though the download is still happening. By default, this module ignores this error and assumes the download is progressing as ONTAP does not provide a way to check the status. When setting this option to true, the module will report 502 as an error. Not supported with REST when set to true.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `firmware_type` (String) Type of firmware to be upgraded. Options include shelf, ACP, service-processor, and disk. For shelf firmware upgrade the operation is asynchronous, and therefore returns no errors that might occur during the download process. Shelf firmware upgrade is idempotent if shelf_module_fw is provided . disk firmware upgrade is idempotent if disk_fw is provided . With check mode, SP, ACP, disk, and shelf firmware upgrade is not idempotent. This operation will only update firmware on shelves/disk that do not have the latest firmware-revision. For normal operations, choose one of storage or service-processor. Type storage includes acp, shelf and disk and ONTAP will automatically determine what to do. With REST, the module does not validate that the package matches the firmware type.  ONTAP determines the type automatically. With REST, `storage` downloads any firmware, including service-processor firmware. With REST, `service-processor` unlocks SP reboot options.
- `force_disruptive_update` (Boolean) If set to `False`, and URL is given, the upgrade is non disruptive. If URL is not given, no operation is performed. Do not set this to `True`, unless directed by NetApp Tech Support. It will force an update even if the resource is not ready for it, and can be disruptive. Not supported with REST when set to true.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `install_baseline_image` (Boolean) Install the version packaged with ONTAP if this parameter is set to true. Otherwise, package must be used to specify the package to install. Not used if force_disruptive_update is False (ONTAP will automatically select the firmware) Not supported with REST when set to true.
- `node` (String) Node on which the device is located. With REST, this parameter is ignored when package_url is provided but it is used with ZAPI. not required if package_url is present and force_disruptive_update is False. With REST, if this option is not given, the firmware will be downloaded on all nodes in the cluster and the resources will be updated in background on all nodes, except for service processor. with ZAPI, this parameter is used to specify the target node for firmware download. with ZAPI, if not specified firmware will be downloaded on all nodes in the cluster (using '*'). For service processor, the upgrade will happen automatically when each node is rebooted.
- `package` (String) Name of the package file containing the firmware to be installed. Not required when -baseline is true. Not used if force_disruptive_update is False. Not supported with REST.
- `package_url` (String) URL of the package file containing the firmware to be downloaded. Once the package file is downloaded to a node, the firmware update will happen automatically in background. For SP, the upgrade will happen automatically when a node is rebooted. For SP, the upgrade will happen automatically if autoupdate is enabled (which is the recommended setting).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reboot_sp` (Boolean) Reboot service processor before downloading package. Only available if 'firmware_type' is 'service-processor'. Defaults to True if not set when 'firmware_type' is 'service-processor'. Set this explictly to true to avoid a warning, and to false to not reboot the SP. Rebooting the SP before download is strongly recommended.
- `reboot_sp_after_download` (Boolean) Reboot service processor after downloading package. Only available if 'firmware_type' is 'service-processor'.
- `rename_package` (String) Rename the package. Only available if 'firmware_type' is 'service-processor'. Not supported with REST.
- `replace_package` (Boolean) Replace the local package. Only available if 'firmware_type' is 'service-processor'. Not supported with REST when set to false.
- `server_password` (String) password to authenticate with the firmware package server. Ignored with ZAPI.
- `server_username` (String) username to authenticate with the firmware package server. Ignored with ZAPI.
- `shelf_module_fw` (String) Shelf module firmware to be updated to. Not used if force_disruptive_update is False (ONTAP will automatically select the firmware) Not supported with REST.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified ONTAP firmware should be upgraded or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_type` (String) Type of firmware update to be performed. Options include serial_full, serial_differential, network_full. Not used if force_disruptive_update is False (ONTAP will automatically select the firmware) Not supported with REST.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Returns additional information in case of success.
