---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_security_ssh Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_security_ssh (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `ciphers` (String) Ciphers for encrypting the data. Example list [ aes256_ctr, aes192_ctr, aes128_ctr, aes256_cbc, aes192_cbc ]
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host_key_algorithms` (String) Enables the specified host key algorithms for the Vserver. It replaces all existing host key algorithms with the specified settings. The host key algorithm "ssh_ed25519" can be configured only in non-FIPS mode. Requires ONTAP 9.16.1 and later. Example list [ "ecdsa_sha2_nistp256", "ssh_rsa", "ssh_ed25519" ]
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `key_exchange_algorithms` (String) Key exchange algorithms. Example list [ diffie_hellman_group_exchange_sha256, diffie_hellman_group14_sha1 ]
- `mac_algorithms` (String) MAC algorithms. Example list [ hmac_sha1, hmac_sha2_512_etm ]
- `max_authentication_retry_count` (Number) Maximum authentication retries allowed before closing the connection. Minimum value is 2 and maximum is 6. Default value is 2.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) SSH service is always enabled.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vserver` (String) Name of the vserver to use for vserver scope. If absent or null, cluster scope is assumed.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
