---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_cifs_server Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_cifs_server (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Specifies the cifs_server name.
- `vserver` (String) The name of the vserver to use.

### Optional

- `admin_password` (String) Specifies the cifs server admin password. When used with absent, the account will be deleted if admin_user_name is also provided.
- `admin_user_name` (String) Specifies the cifs server admin username. When used with absent, the account will be deleted if admin_password is also provided.
- `aes_netlogon_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not an AES session key is enabled for the Netlogon channel. Only supported with REST and requires ontap version 9.10.1 or later.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) A descriptive text comment for the CIFS server. SMB clients can see the CIFS server comment when browsing servers on the network. Only supported with REST.
- `default_site` (String) Specifies the site within the Active Directory domain to associate with the CIFS server if Data ONTAP cannot determine an appropriate site. Only supported with REST and requires ontap version 9.13.1 or later.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) The Fully Qualified Domain Name of the Windows Active Directory this CIFS server belongs to.
- `encrypt_dc_connection` (Boolean) Specifies whether encryption is required for domain controller connections. Only supported with REST and requires ontap version 9.8 or later. Use na_ontap_vserver_cifs_security with ZAPI.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) When state is present, if this is set and a machine account with the same name as specified in 'name' exists in the Active Directory, it will be overwritten and reused. When state is absent, if this is set, the local CIFS configuration is deleted regardless of communication errors. For REST, it requires ontap version 9.11.
- `from_name` (String) Specifies the existing cifs_server name. This option is used to rename cifs_server. Supported only in REST and requires force to be set to True. Requires ontap version 9.11.0. if the service is running, it will be stopped to perform the rename action, and automatically restarts. if the service is stopped, it will be briefly restarted after the rename action, and stopped again.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_multichannel_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether the CIFS server supports Multichannel or not. Only supported with REST and requires ontap version 9.10 or later.
- `kdc_encryption` (Boolean) Specifies whether AES-128 and AES-256 encryption is enabled for all Kerberos-based communication with the Active Directory KDC. Only supported with REST. Use na_ontap_vserver_cifs_security with ZAPI.
- `ldap_referral_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not LDAP referral chasing is enabled for AD LDAP connections. Only supported with REST and requires ontap version 9.10.1 or later. Use na_ontap_vserver_cifs_security with ZAPI.
- `lm_compatibility_level` (String) Specifies CIFS server minimum security level, also known as the LMCompatibilityLevel. Only supported with REST and requires ontap version 9.8 or later. Use na_ontap_vserver_cifs_security with ZAPI.
- `ou` (String) The Organizational Unit (OU) within the Windows Active Directory this CIFS server belongs to.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `restrict_anonymous` (String) Specifies what level of access an anonymous user is granted. Only supported with REST.
- `service_state` (String) CIFS Server Administrative Status.
- `session_security` (String) Specifies client session security for AD LDAP connections. Only supported with REST and requires ontap version 9.10.1 or later. Use na_ontap_vserver_cifs_security with ZAPI.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `smb_encryption` (Boolean) Determine whether SMB encryption is required for incoming CIFS traffic. Only supported with REST. Use na_ontap_vserver_cifs_security with ZAPI.
- `smb_signing` (Boolean) Specifies whether signing is required for incoming CIFS traffic. Only supported with REST. Use na_ontap_vserver_cifs_security with ZAPI.
- `state` (String) Whether the specified cifs_server should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `try_ldap_channel_binding` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not channel binding is attempted in the case of TLS/LDAPS. Only supported with REST and requires ontap version 9.10.1 or later. Use na_ontap_vserver_cifs_security with ZAPI.
- `use_ldaps` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not to use use LDAPS for secure Active Directory LDAP connections. Only supported with REST and requires ontap version 9.10.1 or later. Use na_ontap_vserver_cifs_security with ZAPI.
- `use_start_tls` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not to use SSL/TLS for allowing secure LDAP communication with Active Directory LDAP servers. Only supported with REST and requires ontap version 9.10.1 or later. Use na_ontap_vserver_cifs_security with ZAPI.
- `workgroup` (String) The NetBIOS name of the domain or workgroup this CIFS server belongs to.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
