---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_server_certificate Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_server_certificate (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `certificates` (String) Unordered list of all server certificate files which include PEM and DER encoded certificates as well as private keys. When *certificates* is not defined then a self-signed certificate will be expected.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `controller` (String) The controller that owns the port you want to configure. Controller names are represented alphabetically, with the first controller as A, the second as B, and so on. Current hardware models have either 1 or 2 available controllers, but that is not a guaranteed hard limitation and could change in the future. *controller* must be specified unless managing SANtricity Web Services Proxy (ie *ssid="proxy"*)
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `passphrase` (String) Passphrase for PEM encoded private key encryption. If *passphrase* is not supplied then Ansible will prompt for private key certificate.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `added_certificates` (String) Any SSL certificates that were added.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `removed_certificates` (String) Any SSL certificates that were removed.
- `signed_server_certificate` (Boolean) Whether the public server certificate is signed.
