---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_security_ipsec_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_security_ipsec_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the security IPsec policy

### Optional

- `action` (String) Action for the IPsec policy. Cannot modify after create.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authentication_method` (String) Authentication method for the IPsec policy. Supported from 9.10.1 or later. Cannot modify after create.
- `certificate` (String) Certificate for the IPsec policy. Supported from 9.10.1 or later. Required when `authentication_method` is 'pki' in create.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not the policy is enabled.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipspace` (String) IPspace name where `svm` exist.
- `local_endpoint` (String) Local endpoint for the IPsec policy.
- `local_identity` (String) local IKE endpoint's identity for authentication purpose.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `protocol` (String) protocol to be protected by by this policy. example 'any' or '0', 'tcp', 'udp' or protocol number.
- `remote_endpoint` (String) remote endpoint for the IPsec policy.
- `remote_identity` (String) remote IKE endpoint's identity for authentication purpose.
- `secret_key` (String) Pre-shared key for IKE negotiation. Required when `authentication_method` is 'psk' in create. Cannot modify after create.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or delete security IPsec policy.
- `svm` (String) The name of the SVM. Required when creating security IPsec policy.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
