---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_bgp_config Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_bgp_config (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `node` (String) Specifies the node on which configuration details will be managed.

### Optional

- `asn` (Number) Specifies the autonomous system number (ASN). The ASN attribute is a positive integer of the range from 1 to 4,294,967,295. It should typically be chosen from RFC6996 "Autonomous System (AS) Reservation for Private Use" or the AS number assigned to the operator's organization.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hold_time` (Number) Specifies the hold time in seconds. The default value is 180.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `router_id` (String) Specifies the local router ID. The router-id value takes the form of an IPv4 address. The default router-id will be initialized using a local IPv4 address in admin vserver if not given for create operation.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Specifies whether to create/ update or delete the border gateway protocol (BGP) configuration for a node.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
