---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_net_routes Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_net_routes (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `destination` (String) Specify the route destination. Example 10.7.125.5/20, fd20:13::/64.
- `gateway` (String) Specify the route gateway. Example 10.7.125.1, fd20:13::1.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `from_destination` (String) Specify the route destination that should be changed.
- `from_gateway` (String) Specify the route gateway that should be changed.
- `from_metric` (Number) Specify the route metric that should be changed. This parameter is ignored, as the value is read from ONTAP. Not supported with REST, ignored with ZAPI.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `metric` (Number) Specify the route metric.  If this field is not provided, ONTAP will default to 20. Supported from ONTAP 9.11.0 in REST. With REST, trying to modify destination or gateway will also reset metric to 20 in ONTAP 9.10.1 or earlier.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether you want to create or delete a network route.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vserver` (String) The name of the vserver. Required when using ZAPI. When using REST, omit this parameter for cluster scoped routes, or set it to NULL.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
