---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_security_certificates Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_security_certificates (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `common_name` (String) Common name of the certificate. Required for create and install. If name is present, ignored for sign and delete. If name is absent or ignored, required for sign and delete.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `expiry_time` (String) Certificate expiration time. Specifying an expiration time is recommended when creating a certificate. Can be provided when signing a certificate.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hash_function` (String) Hashing function. Can be provided when creating a self-signed certificate or when signing a certificate. Allowed values for create and sign are sha256, sha224, sha384, sha512.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_name_if_not_supported` (Boolean) ONTAP 9.6 and 9.7 REST API does not support *name*. If set to true, no error is reported if *name* is present, and *name* is not used.
- `intermediate_certificates` (String) Chain of intermediate Certificates in PEM format. Only valid when installing a certificate.
- `key_size` (Number) Key size of the certificate in bits. Specifying a strong key size is recommended when creating a certificate. Ignored for sign and delete.
- `name` (String) The unique name of the security certificate per SVM. This parameter is not supported for ONTAP 9.6 or 9.7, as the REST API does not support it. If present with ONTAP 9.6 or 9.7, it is ignored by default, see *ignore_name_if_not_supported*. It is strongly recommended to use name for newer releases of ONTAP.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_key` (String) Private key certificate in PEM format. Required when installing a CA-signed certificate.  Ignored otherwise.
- `public_certificate` (String) Public key certificate in PEM format. Required when installing a certificate.  Ignored otherwise.
- `signing_request` (String) If present, the certificate identified by name and svm is used to sign the request. A signed certificate is returned.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified security certificate should exist or not.
- `svm` (String) The name of the SVM (vserver). If present, the certificate is installed in the SVM. If absent, the certificate is installed in the cluster.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Type of certificate Required for create and install. If name is present, ignored for sign and delete. If name is absent or ignored, required for sign and delete.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `ontap_info` (String) Returns public_certificate when signing, empty for create, install, and delete.
