---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_iscsi_target Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_iscsi_target (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chap_secret` (String) Enable Challenge-Handshake Authentication Protocol (CHAP), utilizing this value as the password. When this value is specified, we will always trigger an update (changed=True). We have no way of verifying whether or not the password has changed. The chap secret may only use ascii characters with values between 32 and 126 decimal. The chap secret must be no less than 12 characters, but no greater than 57 characters in length. The chap secret is cleared when not specified or an empty string.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The name/alias to assign to the iSCSI target. This alias is often used by the initiator software in order to make an iSCSI target easier to identify.
- `ping` (Boolean) Enable ICMP ping responses from the configured iSCSI ports.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unnamed_discovery` (Boolean) When an initiator initiates a discovery session to an initiator port, it is considered an unnamed discovery session if the iSCSI target iqn is not specified in the request. This option may be disabled to increase security if desired.

### Read-Only

- `alias` (String) The alias assigned to the iSCSI target.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `iqn` (String) The iqn (iSCSI Qualified Name), assigned to the iSCSI target.
- `msg` (String) Success message
