---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_support_config_backup Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_support_config_backup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Use this parameter to specify the user name to use to log in to the destination system and perform the upload. The option "name" should be used in parameter instead of "username".
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `set_password` (String) Password used to uploads configuration backups. The option "set_password" should be used in parameter instead of "password".
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) This module supports only system backup configuration modify, hence only present state is supported.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) An external backup location for the cluster configuration. This is mostly required for single node clusters where node and cluster configuration backups cannot be copied to other nodes in the cluster.
- `validate_certificate` (Boolean) Use this parameter with the value "true" to validate the digital certificate of the remote server. Digital certificate validation is available only when the HTTPS protocol is used in the URL; it is disabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
