---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_org_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_org_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gather_subset` (String) When supplied, this argument will restrict the information collected to a given subset. Either the info name or the Rest API can be given. Possible values for this argument include `org_compliance_global_info` or `org/compliance-global` `org_config_info` or `org/config` `org_config_product_version_info` or `org/config/product-version` `org_containers_info` or `org/containers` `org_deactivated_features_info` or `org/deactivated-features` `org_endpoints_info` or `org/endpoints` `org_groups_info` or `org/groups` `org_identity_source_info` or `org/identity-source` `org_regions_info` or `org/regions` `org_users_current_user_s3_access_keys_info` or `org/users/current-user/s3-access-keys` `org_usage_info` or `org/usage` `org_users_info` or `org/users` `org_users_root_info` or `org/users/root` `org_users_grid_federation_connections_info` or `org/grid-federation-connections` `org_ilm_info` or `org/ilm-policy-tags` `versions_info` or `versions` Can specify a list of values to include a larger subset.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `parameters` (String) Allows for any rest option to be passed in.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `sg_info` (String) Returns various information about the StorageGRID Grid configuration.
