---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_grid_ilm_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_grid_ilm_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The unique name of the policy

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `default_rule` (String) The rule ID of the defailt rule in the policy. This tile ID must be included in rules If compliance is enabled, this must be the compliance-compatible rule
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reason` (String) Policy description
- `rules` (String) A list of ILM rule IDs, in the order in which they will be evaluated This list must include the default rule If compliance is enabled, the default rule for objects in non-compliant buckets should be before the compliance-compatible default rule
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified policy should exist.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) Should https certificates be validated?

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `resp` (String) Returns information about the StorageGRID ILM policy.
