---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_pge_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_pge_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gather_subset` (String) When supplied, this argument will restrict the information collected to a given subset. Either the info name or the REST API can be given. Possible values for this argument include `pge_storage_configuration_networking` or `pge/storage-configuration/networking` `pge_bmc_config` or `pge/bmc-config` `pge_install_status` or `pge/install-status` `pge_networks` or `pge/networks` `pge_link_config` or `pge/link-config` `pge_dns` or `pge/dns` `pge_system_info` or `pge/system-info` `pge_system_config` or `pge/system-config` `pge_admin_connection` or `pge/admin-connection` `pge_ipmi_sensors` or `pge/ipmi-sensors` `pge_upgrade_status` or `pge/upgrade/status` `pge_debug_dump_addr_show` or `pge/debug/dump-addr-show` `pge_debug_dump_routes` or `pge/debug/dump-routes` `pge_debug_dump_bonding` or `pge/debug/dump-bonding` `pge_debug_dump_netlink` or `pge/debug/dump-netlink` `pge_debug_dump_bonding_raw` or `pge/debug/dump-bonding-raw` `pge_debug_dump_lldp_attributes` or `pge/debug/dump-lldp-attributes` Can specify a list of values to include a larger subset.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `parameters` (String) Allows for any rest option to be passed in.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `sg_pge_info` (String) Returns various information about the StorageGRID node PGE configuration.
