---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_netapp_e_storagepool Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_netapp_e_storagepool (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the storage pool to manage
- `state` (String) Whether the specified storage pool should exist or not. Note that removing a storage pool currently requires the removal of all defined volumes first.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `criteria_drive_count` (Number) The number of disks to use for building the storage pool. When *state=="present"* then *criteria_drive_count* or *criteria_min_usable_capacity* must be specified. The pool will be expanded if this number exceeds the number of disks already in place (See expansion note below)
- `criteria_drive_interface_type` (String) The interface type to use when selecting drives for the storage pool If not provided then all interface types will be considered.
- `criteria_drive_min_size` (Number) The minimum individual drive size (in size_unit) to consider when choosing drives for the storage pool.
- `criteria_drive_require_da` (Boolean) Ensures the storage pool will be created with only data assurance (DA) capable drives. Only available for new storage pools; existing storage pools cannot be converted.
- `criteria_drive_require_fde` (Boolean) Whether full disk encryption ability is required for drives to be added to the storage pool
- `criteria_drive_type` (String) The type of disk (hdd or ssd) to use when searching for candidates to use. When not specified each drive type will be evaluated until successful drive candidates are found starting with the most prevalent drive type.
- `criteria_min_usable_capacity` (Number) The minimum size of the storage pool (in size_unit). When *state=="present"* then *criteria_drive_count* or *criteria_min_usable_capacity* must be specified. The pool will be expanded if this value exceeds its current size. (See expansion note below)
- `criteria_size_unit` (String) The unit used to interpret size parameters
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `erase_secured_drives` (Boolean) If *state=="absent"* then all storage pool drives will be erase If *state=="present"* then delete all available storage array drives that have security enabled.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `raid_level` (String) The RAID level of the storage pool to be created. Required only when *state=="present"*. When *raid_level=="raidDiskPool"* then *criteria_drive_count >= 10 or criteria_drive_count >= 11* is required depending on the storage array specifications. When *raid_level=="raid0"* then *1<=criteria_drive_count* is required. When *raid_level=="raid1"* then *2<=criteria_drive_count* is required. When *raid_level=="raid3"* then *3<=criteria_drive_count<=30* is required. When *raid_level=="raid5"* then *3<=criteria_drive_count<=30* is required. When *raid_level=="raid6"* then *5<=criteria_drive_count<=30* is required. Note that raidAll will be treated as raidDiskPool and raid3 as raid5.
- `remove_volumes` (Boolean) Prior to removing a storage pool, delete all volumes in the pool.
- `reserve_drive_count` (Number) Set the number of drives reserved by the storage pool for reconstruction operations. Only valid on raid disk pools.
- `secure_pool` (Boolean) Enables security at rest feature on the storage pool. Will only work if all drives in the pool are security capable (FDE, FIPS, or mix) Warning, once security is enabled it is impossible to disable without erasing the drives.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Success message
