---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_proxy_systems Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_proxy_systems (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `accept_certificate` (Boolean) Accept the storage system's certificate automatically even when it is self-signed. Use `netapp_eseries.santricity.na_santricity_certificates` to add certificates to SANtricity Web Services Proxy. SANtricity Web Services Proxy will fail to add any untrusted storage system.
- `add_discovered_systems` (Boolean) This flag will force all discovered storage systems to be added to SANtricity Web Services Proxy.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) Default storage system password which will be used anytime when password has not been provided in the *systems* sub-options. The storage system admin password will be set on the device itself with the provided admin password if it is not set.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `subnet_mask` (String) This is the IPv4 search range for discovering E-Series storage arrays. IPv4 subnet mask specified in CIDR form. Example 192.168.1.0/24 would search the range 192.168.1.0 to 192.168.1.255. Be sure to include all management paths in the search range.
- `systems` (String) List of storage system information which defines which systems should be added on SANtricity Web Services Proxy. Accepts a simple serial number list or list of dictionary containing at minimum the serial or addresses key from the sub-option list. Note that the serial number will be used as the storage system identifier when an identifier is not specified. When *add_discovered_systems == False* and any system serial number not supplied that is discovered will be removed from the proxy.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Description of actions performed.
