---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_portset Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_portset (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the port set to create.
- `vserver` (String) Name of the SVM.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) If 'false' or not specified, the request will fail if there are any igroups bound to this portset. If 'true', forcibly destroy the portset, even if there are existing igroup bindings.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `ports` (String) Specify the ports associated with this portset. Should be comma separated. It represents the expected state of a list of ports at any time, and replaces the current value of ports. Adds a port if it is specified in expected state but not in current state. Deletes a port if it is in current state but not in expected state.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) If you want to create a portset.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Required for create in ZAPI. Default value is mixed if not specified at the time of creation in REST. Protocols accepted for this portset.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
