---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_iscsi_security Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_iscsi_security (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `initiator` (String) Specifies the name of the initiator.
- `vserver` (String) Name of the vserver to use.

### Optional

- `address_ranges` (String) May be a single IPv4 or IPv6 address or a range containing a startaddress and an end address. The start and end addresses themselves are included in the range. If not present, the initiator is allowed to log in from any IP address.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_type` (String) Specifies the authentication type.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `inbound_password` (String) Inbound CHAP user password. Can not be modified. If want to change password, delete and re-create the initiator.
- `inbound_username` (String) Inbound CHAP username. Required for CHAP. A null username is not allowed.
- `outbound_password` (String) Outbound CHAP user password. Can not be modified. If want to change password, delete and re-create the initiator.
- `outbound_username` (String) Outbound CHAP user name.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified initiator should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
