---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_bgp_peer_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_bgp_peer_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the BGP peer group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `from_name` (String) Name of the existing BGP peer group to be renamed to `name`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipspace` (String) IPSpace name, cannot be modified after creation.
- `local` (String) Information describing the local interface that is being used to peer with a router using BGP. When creating BGP peer group, an existing BGP interface is used by specifying the interface, or create a new one by specifying the port and IP address. Cannot be modified after creation.
- `peer` (String) Information describing the router to peer with
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or delete BGP peer group.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_peer_as_next_hop` (Boolean) Specifies whether the peer group uses the peer address as a next hop route. This field requires ONTAP version 9.9 or later.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
