---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_ssh_command Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_ssh_command (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `command` (String) a string containing the command and arguments.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `accept_unknown_host_keys` (Boolean) When false, reject the connection if the host key is not in known_hosts file. When true, if the host key is unknown, accept it, but report a warning. Note that the key is not added to the file.  You could add the key by manually using SSH.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `exclude_lines` (String) return only lines containing string pattern in `stdout_lines_filtered`
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `include_lines` (String) return only lines containing string pattern in `stdout_lines_filtered`
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `privilege` (String) privilege level at which to run the command, eg admin, advanced. if set, the command is prefixed with `set -privilege <privilege>;`.
- `service_processor` (Boolean) whether the target system is ONTAP or the service processor (SP) only menaningful when privilege is set
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `stdout_lines_filtered` (String) In addition to stdout and stdout_lines, a list of non-white lines, excluding last and failed login information. The list can be further refined using the include_lines and exclude_lines filters.
