---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_cloudmanager_na_cloudmanager_cvo_aws Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_cloudmanager_na_cloudmanager_cvo_aws (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_id` (String) The connector ID of the Cloud Manager Connector. You can find the ID from the Connector tab on https://cloudmanager.netapp.com.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the Cloud Manager CVO for AWS to manage.
- `region` (String) The region where the working environment will be created.
- `svm_password` (String) The admin password for Cloud Volumes ONTAP. It will be updated on each run.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `aws_tag` (String) Additional tags for the AWS CVO working environment.
- `backup_volumes_to_cbs` (Boolean) Automatically enable back up of all volumes to S3.
- `capacity_package_name` (String) Capacity package name is required when selecting a capacity based license. Essential only available with Bring Your Own License Capacity-Based. Professional available as an annual contract from AWS marketplace or Bring Your Own License Capacity-Based.
- `capacity_tier` (String) Whether to enable data tiering for the first data aggregate.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cloud_provider_account` (String) The cloud provider credentials id to use when deploying the Cloud Volumes ONTAP system. You can find the ID in Cloud Manager from the Settings > Credentials page. If not specified, Cloud Manager uses the instance profile of the Connector.
- `cluster_floating_ip` (String) For HA FloatingIP, the cluster management floating IP address.
- `cluster_key_pair_name` (String) SSH authentication key pair name
- `data_encryption_type` (String) The type of encryption to use for the working environment.
- `data_floating_ip` (String) For HA FloatingIP, the data floating IP address.
- `data_floating_ip2` (String) For HA FloatingIP, the data floating IP address.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `ebs_volume_size` (Number) EBS volume size for the first data aggregate. For GB, the value can be [100 or 500]. For TB, the value can be [1,2,4,8,16].
- `ebs_volume_size_unit` (String) The unit for ebs volume size.
- `ebs_volume_type` (String) The EBS volume type for the first data aggregate.
- `enable_compliance` (Boolean) Enable the Cloud Compliance service on the working environment.
- `enable_monitoring` (Boolean) Enable the Monitoring service on the working environment.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `failover_mode` (String) For HA, the failover mode for the HA pair. 'PrivateIP' is for a single availability zone and 'FloatingIP' is for multiple availability zones.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `instance_profile_name` (String) The instance profile name for the working environment. If not provided, Cloud Manager creates the instance profile.
- `instance_tenancy` (String) The EC2 instance tenancy.
- `instance_type` (String) The instance type to use, which depends on the license type. Explore ['m5.xlarge']. Standard ['m5.2xlarge','r5.xlarge']. Premium ['m5.4xlarge','r5.2xlarge','c4.8xlarge']. For more supported instance types, refer to Cloud Volumes ONTAP Release Notes.
- `iops` (Number) Provisioned IOPS. Required only when provider_volume_type is 'io1' or 'gp3'.
- `is_ha` (Boolean) Indicate whether the working environment is an HA pair or not.
- `kms_key_arn` (String) AWS encryption parameters. It is required if using aws encryption. Only one of KMS key id or KMS arn should be specified.
- `kms_key_id` (String) Aws Encryption parameters. It is required if using aws encryption. Only one of KMS key id or KMS arn should be specified.
- `license_type` (String) The type of license to use. For single node by Capacity ['capacity-paygo'] For single node by Node paygo ['cot-explore-paygo', 'cot-standard-paygo', 'cot-premium-paygo']. For single node by Node boyl ['cot-premium-byol']. For HA by Capacity ['ha-capacity-paygo'] For HA by Node paygo ['ha-cot-explore-paygo','ha-cot-standard-paygo','ha-cot-premium-paygo']. For HA by Node boyl ['ha-cot-premium-byol'].
- `mediator_assign_public_ip` (Boolean) Boolean option to assign public IP.
- `mediator_key_pair_name` (String) For HA, the key pair name for the mediator instance.
- `mediator_subnet_id` (String) For HA, the subnet ID of the mediator.
- `node1_subnet_id` (String) For HA, the subnet ID of the first node.
- `node2_subnet_id` (String) For HA, the subnet ID of the second node.
- `nss_account` (String) The NetApp Support Site account ID to use with this Cloud Volumes ONTAP system. If the license type is BYOL and an NSS account is not provided, Cloud Manager tries to use the first existing NSS account.
- `ontap_version` (String) The required ONTAP version. Ignored if 'use_latest_version' is set to true.
- `optimized_network_utilization` (Boolean) Use optimized network utilization.
- `platform_serial_number` (String) The serial number for the cluster. This is required when using 'cot-premium-byol'.
- `platform_serial_number_node1` (String) For HA BYOL, the serial number for the first node. This is required when using 'ha-cot-premium-byol'.
- `platform_serial_number_node2` (String) For HA BYOL, the serial number for the second node. This is required when using 'ha-cot-premium-byol'.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `provided_license` (String) Using a NLF license file for BYOL deployment.
- `route_table_ids` (String) For HA FloatingIP, the list of route table IDs that will be updated with the floating IPs.
- `security_group_id` (String) The ID of the security group for the working environment. If not provided, Cloud Manager creates the security group.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified Cloud Manager CVO for AWS should exist or not.
- `subnet_id` (String) The subnet id where the working environment will be created. Required when single node only.
- `svm_floating_ip` (String) For HA FloatingIP, the SVM management floating IP address.
- `svm_name` (String) The name of the SVM.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `throughput` (Number) Unit is Mb/s. Valid range 125-1000. Required only when provider_volume_type is 'gp3'.
- `tier_level` (String) The tiering level when 'capacity_tier' is set to 'S3'.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_svm_password` (Boolean) Indicates whether to update svm_password on the CVO. When set to true, the module is not idempotent, as we cannot read the current password.
- `upgrade_ontap_version` (Boolean) Indicates whether to upgrade ONTAP image on the CVO. If the current version already matches the desired version, no action is taken.
- `use_latest_version` (Boolean) Indicates whether to use the latest available ONTAP version.
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC ID where the working environment will be created. If this argument is not provided, the VPC will be calculated by using the provided subnet ID.
- `workspace_id` (String) The ID of the Cloud Manager workspace where you want to deploy Cloud Volumes ONTAP. If not provided, Cloud Manager uses the first workspace. You can find the ID from the Workspace tab on https://cloudmanager.netapp.com.
- `writing_speed_state` (String) The write speed setting for Cloud Volumes ONTAP ['NORMAL','HIGH']. This argument is not relevant for HA pairs.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `working_environment_id` (String) Newly created AWS CVO working_environment_id.
