---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_cluster Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_cluster (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `certificate` (String) Certificate used by cluster and node management interfaces for TLS connection requests. Only supported with REST and requires ONTAP 9.10 or later.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster_contact` (String) Cluster contact, only relevant if performing a modify action.
- `cluster_ip_address` (String) intra cluster IP address of the node to be added or removed.
- `cluster_location` (String) Cluster location, only relevant if performing a modify action.
- `cluster_name` (String) The name of the cluster to manage.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) forcibly remove a node that is down and cannot be brought online to remove its shared resources.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `node_name` (String) Name of the node to be added or removed from the cluster. Be aware that when adding a node, '-' are converted to '_' by the ONTAP backend. When creating a cluster, `node_name` is ignored. When adding a node using `cluster_ip_address`, `node_name` is optional. When used to remove a node, `cluster_ip_address` and `node_name` are mutually exclusive.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `single_node_cluster` (Boolean) Whether the cluster is a single node cluster.  Ignored for 9.3 or older versions. If present, it was observed that 'Cluster' interfaces were deleted, whatever the value with ZAPI.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified cluster should exist (deleting a cluster is not supported). Whether the node identified by its cluster_ip_address should be in the cluster or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `time_out` (Number) time to wait for cluster creation in seconds. Error out if task is not completed in defined time. if 0, the request is asynchronous. default is set to 3 minutes.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timezone` (String) timezone for the cluster. Only supported by REST.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
