---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_net_port Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_net_port (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `node` (String) Specifies the name of node.
- `ports` (String) Specifies the name of port(s).

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `autonegotiate_admin` (Boolean) Enables or disables Ethernet auto-negotiation of speed, duplex and flow control. Not supported with REST.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `duplex_admin` (String) Specifies the user preferred duplex setting of the port. Valid values auto, half, full Not supported with REST.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `flowcontrol_admin` (String) Specifies the user preferred flow control setting of the port. Supported with REST for 9.16.1 and later.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipspace` (String) Specifies the port's associated IPspace name. The 'Cluster' ipspace is reserved for cluster ports. use netapp.ontap.na_ontap_ports to modify ipspace with REST.
- `mtu` (Number) Specifies the maximum transmission unit (MTU) reported by the port. Not supported with REST.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `speed_admin` (String) Specifies the user preferred speed setting of the port. Not supported with REST.
- `state` (String) Whether the specified net port should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `up_admin` (Boolean) Enables or disables the port.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
