---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_cg_snapshot Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_cg_snapshot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `snapshot` (String) The provided name of the snapshot that is created in each volume.
- `vserver` (String) Name of the vserver.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Comment for the snapshot copy. Only supported with REST.
- `consistency_group` (String) Name of the consistency group for which snapshot needs to be created or deleted. Valid only with REST.
- `consistency_type` (String) Type of consistency guarantee for the snapshot. Only supported with REST. If not specified, ONTAP uses its default consistency type.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapmirror_label` (String) A human readable SnapMirror label to be attached with the consistency group snapshot copies.
- `state` (String) Specifies whether to create  or delete the snapshot. Choice 'absent' is valid only with REST.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `volumes` (String) A list of volumes in this filer that is part of this CG operation. Required with ZAPI.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
