---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_name_mappings Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_name_mappings (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `direction` (String) Direction in which the name mapping is applied. The possible values are, krb_unix - Kerberos principal name to UNIX user name win_unix - Windows user name to UNIX user name unix_win - UNIX user name to Windows user name mapping s3_unix - S3 user name to UNIX user name mapping s3_win - S3 user name to Windows user name mapping s3_unix and s3_win requires ONTAP 9.12.1 or later.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `index` (Number) Position in the list of name mappings. Minimum value is 1 and maximum is 2147483647.
- `vserver` (String) Name of the vserver to use.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client_match` (String) Client workstation IP Address which is matched when searching for the pattern. Example '10.254.101.111/28' Client match value can be in any of the following formats, - As an IPv4 address with a subnet mask expressed as a number of bits; for instance, 10.1.12.0/24 - As an IPv6 address with a subnet mask expressed as a number of bits; for instance, fd20:8b1e:b255:4071::/64 - As an IPv4 address with a network mask; for instance, 10.1.16.0/255.255.255.0 - As a hostname
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `from_index` (Number) If no entry with index is found, it is created by reindexing the entry for from_index. If no entry is found for index and from_index, an error is reported. Minimum value is 1 and maximum is 2147483647. Requires ONTAP version 9.7 or later.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `pattern` (String) Pattern used to match the name while searching for a name that can be used as a replacement. The pattern is a UNIX-style regular expression. Regular expressions are case-insensitive when mapping from Windows to UNIX, and they are case-sensitive for mappings from Kerberos to UNIX and UNIX to Windows. Minimum length is 1 and maximum length is 256. Pattern should be unique for each index of vserver. Example ENGCIFS_AD_USER.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `replacement` (String) The name that is used as a replacement, if the pattern associated with this entry matches. Minimum length is 1 and maximum length is 256. Example unix_user1.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified name mappings should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
