---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_kerberos_realm Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_kerberos_realm (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `realm` (String) Kerberos realm name
- `vserver` (String) vserver/svm with kerberos realm configured

### Optional

- `ad_server_ip` (String) IP Address of the Active Directory Domain Controller (DC). This is a mandatory parameter if the kdc-vendor is 'microsoft'.
- `ad_server_name` (String) Host name of the Active Directory Domain Controller (DC). This is a mandatory parameter if the kdc-vendor is 'microsoft'.
- `admin_server_ip` (String) IP address of the host where the Kerberos administration daemon is running. This is usually the master KDC. If this parameter is omitted, the address specified in kdc_ip is used. Supported from ONTAP 9.13.1 in REST.
- `admin_server_port` (String) The TCP port on the Kerberos administration server where the Kerberos administration service is running. The default for this parmater is '749'. Supported from ONTAP 9.13.1 in REST.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clock_skew` (String) The clock skew in minutes is the tolerance for accepting tickets with time stamps that do not exactly match the host's system clock. The default for this parameter is '5' minutes. Supported from ONTAP 9.13.1 in REST.
- `comment` (String) Optional comment
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `kdc_ip` (String) IP address of the Key Distribution Centre (KDC) server Required if *state=present*
- `kdc_port` (Number) TCP port on the KDC to be used for Kerberos communication. The default for this parameter is 88.
- `kdc_vendor` (String) The vendor of the Key Distribution Centre (KDC) server Required if *state=present*
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pw_server_ip` (String) IP address of the host where the Kerberos password-changing server is running. Typically, this is the same as the host indicated in the adminserver-ip. If this parameter is omitted, the IP address in kdc-ip is used. Supported from ONTAP 9.13.1 in REST.
- `pw_server_port` (String) The TCP port on the Kerberos password-changing server where the Kerberos password-changing service is running. The default for this parameter is '464'. Supported from ONTAP 9.13.1 in REST.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the Kerberos realm is present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
