---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_vserver_peer Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_vserver_peer (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `peer_vserver` (String) Specifies name of the peer Vserver in the relationship.
- `vserver` (String) Specifies name of the source Vserver in the relationship.

### Optional

- `applications` (String) List of applications which can make use of the peering relationship. FlexCache supported from ONTAP 9.5 onwards.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dest_hostname` (String) DEPRECATED - please use `peer_options`. Destination hostname or IP address. Required for creating the vserver peer relationship with a remote cluster.
- `dest_password` (String) DEPRECATED - please use `peer_options`. Destination password. Optional if this is same as source password.
- `dest_username` (String) DEPRECATED - please use `peer_options`. Destination username. Optional if this is same as source username.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `local_name_for_peer` (String) Specifies local name of the peer Vserver in the relationship. Use this if you see "Error creating vserver peer ... Vserver name conflicts with one of the following".
- `local_name_for_source` (String) Specifies local name of the source Vserver in the relationship. Use this if you see "Error accepting vserver peer ... System generated a name for the peer Vserver because of a naming conflict".
- `peer_cluster` (String) Specifies name of the peer Cluster. Required for creating the vserver peer relationship with a remote cluster
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified vserver peer should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
