---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_auth Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_auth (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `current_admin_password` (String) The current admin password. When making changes to the embedded web services's login passwords, api_password will be used and current_admin_password will be ignored. When making changes to the proxy web services's login passwords, api_password will be used and current_admin_password will be ignored. Only required when the password has been set and will be ignored if not set.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `minimum_password_length` (Number) This option defines the minimum password length.
- `password` (String) The password you would like to set. Cannot be more than 30 characters.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user` (String) The local user account password to update For systems prior to E2800, use admin to change the rw (system password). For systems prior to E2800, all choices except admin will be ignored.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Success message
