---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_s3_buckets Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_s3_buckets (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the S3 or NAS bucket.
- `vserver` (String) Name of the vserver to use.

### Optional

- `aggregates` (String) List of aggregates names to use for the S3 bucket. This option is not supported when *type=nas*.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `audit_event_selector` (String) Audit event selector allows you to specify access and permission types to audit. This option is not supported when *type=nas*.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Comment for the S3 bucket.
- `constituents_per_aggregate` (Number) Number of constituents per aggregate. This option is not supported when *type=nas*.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `nas_path` (String) Specifies the NAS path to which the nas bucket corresponds to.
- `policy` (String) Access policy uses the Amazon Web Services (AWS) policy language syntax to allow S3 tenants to create access policies to their data
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `qos_policy` (String) A policy group defines measurable service level objectives (SLOs) that apply to the storage objects with which the policy group is associated. If you do not assign a policy group to a bucket, the system wil not monitor and control the traffic to it. This option is not supported when *type=nas*.
- `size` (Number) Size of the S3 bucket in bytes. This option is not supported when *type=nas*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot_policy` (String) Specifies the snapshot policy for the bucket.
- `state` (String) Whether the specified S3 bucket should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Specifies the bucket type. Valid values are "s3"and "nas".
- `versioning_state` (String) Specifies the versioning state of the bucket. The versioning state cannot be modified to 'disabled' from any other state. Requires ONTAP 9.11.1 or later.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
