---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_grid_ha_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_grid_ha_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the HA Group.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gateway_cidr` (String) The `gateway_cidr` field specifies the gateway IP address and prefix length of the VIP subnet in CIDR notation. i.e. `IP_address/prefix_length`. This must match the subnet CIDR if any interface in the HA group already has an IP address configured. The IP address may be specified as the network address of the subnet, or as the gateway IP address within the subnet if clients will access the VIP address from a different subnet. For example `10.193.150.0/25` or `10.193.150.1/25`.
- `ha_group_id` (String) HA Group ID. May be used for modify or delete operation.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interfaces` (String) A set of StorageGRID node interface pairs. The primary interface is specified first, followed by the other interface pairs in failover order.
- `name` (String) Name of the HA Group.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified HA Group should exist.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `virtual_ips` (String) A list of virtual IP addresses.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `resp` (String) Returns information about the StorageGRID HA Group.
