---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_flexcache Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_flexcache (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the target volume for the FlexCache.
- `vserver` (String) Name of the target vserver for the FlexCache. Note that hostname, username, password are intended for the target vserver.

### Optional

- `aggr_list` (String) List of aggregates to host target FlexCache volume.
- `aggr_list_multiplier` (Number) Aggregate list repeat count. REST - Number of FlexCache constituents per aggregate when the `aggregates` field is mentioned.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `atime_scrub` (String) Only supported with REST and requires ONTAP 9.14.1 or later.
- `auto_provision_as` (String) Use this parameter to automatically select existing aggregates for volume provisioning.  Eg flexgroup Note that the fastest aggregate type with at least one aggregate on each node of the cluster will be selected. Ignored when using REST - omit aggr_list for automatic selection.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cifs_change_notify_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether a CIFS change notification is enabled for the FlexCache volume. Only supported with REST and requires ONTAP 9.15.1 or later.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dr_cache` (Boolean) If set to true, a DR cache is created. Only supported with REST and requires ONTAP 9.9 or later.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_offline` (Boolean) Offline FlexCache volume before deleting the FlexCache relationship. The volume will be destroyed and data can be lost.
- `force_unmount` (Boolean) Unmount FlexCache volume. Delete the junction path at which the volume is mounted before deleting the FlexCache relationship.
- `global_file_locking_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not a FlexCache volume has global file locking mode enabled. When global file locking mode is enabled, the 'is_disconnected_mode_off_for_locks' flag is always set to 'true'. Only supported with REST and requires ONTAP 9.9 or later.
- `guarantee_type` (String) Specifies The type of space guarantee of this volume in the aggregate. A value of 'volume' reserves space on the aggregates for the entire volume. A value of 'none' reserves no space on the aggregates, meaning that writes can fail if an aggregate runs out of space. Only supported with REST and requires ONTAP 9.7 or later.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `junction_path` (String) Junction path of the cache volume.
- `origin_cluster` (String) Name of the origin cluster for the FlexCache. Defaults to cluster associated with target vserver if absent. Not used for creation.
- `origin_volume` (String) Name of the origin volume for the FlexCache. Required for creation.
- `origin_vserver` (String) Name of the origin vserver for the FlexCache. Required for creation.
- `override_encryption` (Boolean) If set to true, a plaintext FlexCache volume for an encrypted origin volume is created. Only supported with REST and requires ONTAP 9.14.1 or later.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prepopulate` (String) prepopulate FlexCache with data from origin volume. requires ONTAP 9.8 or later, and REST support. dir_paths must be set for this option to be effective.
- `relative_size` (String) Only supported with REST and requires ONTAP 9.13.1 or later.
- `size` (Number) Size of cache volume.
- `size_unit` (String) The unit used to interpret the size parameter.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified relationship should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `time_out` (Number) time to wait for flexcache creation or deletion in seconds if 0, the request is asynchronous default is set to 3 minutes
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `writeback` (String) FlexCache Writeback. Requires ONTAP 9.12 or later and only supported with REST.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
