---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_discover Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_na_santricity_discover (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `subnet_mask` (String) This is the IPv4 search range for discovering E-Series storage arrays. IPv4 subnet mask specified in CIDR form. Example 192.168.1.0/24 would search the range 192.168.1.0 to 192.168.1.255. Be sure to include all management paths in the search range.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `ports` (String) This option specifies which ports to be tested during the discovery process. The first usable port will be used in the returned API url.
- `prefer_embedded` (Boolean) Give preference to Web Services Embedded when an option exists for both Web Services Proxy and Embedded. Web Services Proxy will be utilized when available by default.
- `proxy_password` (String) Web Service Proxy user password
- `proxy_url` (String) Web Services Proxy REST API URL. Example https://192.168.1.100:8443/devmgr/v2/
- `proxy_username` (String) Web Service Proxy username
- `proxy_validate_certs` (Boolean) Whether to validate Web Service Proxy SSL certificate
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `systems_found` (String) Success message
