---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_org_bucket Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_org_bucket (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the bucket.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bucket_versioning_enabled` (Boolean) Enable versioning on the bucket. This API requires StorageGRID 11.6 or greater.
- `capacity_limit` (Number) The maximum number of GB available for this buckets's objects. Represents a logical amount (object size), not a physical amount (size on disk). Requires storageGRID 11.9 or later.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `compliance` (String) Configure compliance settings for an S3 bucket. Cannot be specified along with *s3_object_lock_enabled*.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `region` (String) Set a region for the bucket.
- `s3_object_lock_enabled` (Boolean) Enable S3 Object Lock on the bucket. S3 Object Lock requires StorageGRID 11.5 or greater.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified bucket should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `resp` (String) Returns information about the StorageGRID bucket.
