---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_nfs Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_nfs (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `vserver` (String) Name of the vserver to use.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `nfsv3` (String) status of NFSv3.
- `nfsv3_64bit_identifiers_enabled` (String) Specifies whether 64-bit support for NFSv3 FSIDs and file IDs is enabled. Supported only with REST.
- `nfsv3_connection_drop` (String) Specifies whether the dropping of a connection when an NFSv3 request is dropped is enabled. Supported only with REST.
- `nfsv3_ejukebox_enabled` (String) Specifies whether NFSv3 EJUKEBOX error is enabled. Supported only with REST.
- `nfsv3_fsid_change` (String) status of if NFSv3 clients see change in FSID as they traverse filesystems. REST support added in collection version 23.2.0 and requires ONTAP 9.11.0 or later.
- `nfsv3_hide_snapdir` (String) Specifies whether hiding a snapshot directory under a NFSv3 mount point is enabled (support from ONTAP 9.13 onward). Supported only with REST.
- `nfsv3_mount_root_only` (String) Specifies whether the SVM allows MOUNT protocol calls only from privileged ports (port numbers less than 1024). Supported only with REST.
- `nfsv4` (String) status of NFSv4.
- `nfsv40_acl` (String) status of NFS v4.0 ACL feature
- `nfsv40_acl_preserve` (String) Specifies if the NFSv4 ACL is preserved or dropped when chmod is performed. In unified security style, this parameter also specifies if NTFS file permissions are preserved or dropped when chmod, chgrp, or chown are performed. Supported only with REST.
- `nfsv40_read_delegation` (String) status for NFS v4.0 read delegation feature.
- `nfsv40_referrals` (String) status for NFS v4.0 referrals. REST support added in collection version 23.2.0 and requires ONTAP 9.13.1 or later.
- `nfsv40_write_delegation` (String) status for NFS v4.0 write delegation feature.
- `nfsv41` (String) status of NFSv41. usage of `nfsv4.1` is deprecated as it does not match Ansible naming convention.  The alias will be removed. please use `nfsv41` exclusively for this option.
- `nfsv41_acl` (String) status of NFS v4.1 ACL feature
- `nfsv41_pnfs` (String) status of NFSv41 pNFS.
- `nfsv41_read_delegation` (String) status for NFS v4.1 read delegation feature.
- `nfsv41_referrals` (String) status for NFS v4.1 referrals. REST support added in collection version 23.2.0 and requires ONTAP 9.13.1 or later.
- `nfsv41_write_delegation` (String) status for NFS v4.1 write delegation feature.
- `nfsv42_seclabel_enabled` (String) Specifies whether NFSv4.2 or later security label is enabled. Supported only with REST.
- `nfsv42_xattrs_enabled` (String) Specifies whether NFSv4.2 or later extended attributes is enabled. Supported only with REST.
- `nfsv4_64bit_identifiers_enabled` (String) Specifies whether 64-bit support for NFSv4.x FSIDs and file IDs is enabled. Supported only with REST.
- `nfsv4_fsid_change` (String) status of if NFSv4 clients see change in FSID as they traverse filesystems. REST support added in collection version 23.2.0 and requires ONTAP 9.13.1 or later.
- `nfsv4_grace_seconds` (Number) Specifies the grace period for clients to reclaim file locks after a server failure. Supported only with REST.
- `nfsv4_id_domain` (String) Name of the nfsv4_id_domain to use.
- `nfsv4_lease_seconds` (Number) Specifies the lease seconds of the NFSv4 clients. If it is inactive for more than the time displayed, all of the file lock states on a node might be lost Supported only with REST.
- `nfsv4_numeric_ids` (String) status of NFSv4 numeric ID's.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `root` (String) This option can be set or modified when using REST. It requires ONTAP 9.11.0 or later.
- `security` (String) This option can be set or modified when using REST. It requires ONTAP 9.11.0 or later.
- `service_state` (String) Whether the specified NFS should be enabled or disabled. Creates NFS service if doesnt exist.
- `showmount` (String) Whether SVM allows showmount. With REST, supported from ONTAP 9.8 version.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether NFS should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tcp` (String) Enable TCP (support from ONTAP 9.3 onward).
- `tcp_max_xfer_size` (Number) TCP Maximum Transfer Size (bytes). The default value is 65536. This option requires ONTAP 9.11.0 or later in REST.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `udp` (String) Enable UDP (support from ONTAP 9.3 onward).
- `vstorage_state` (String) status of vstorage_state.
- `windows` (String) This option can be set or modified when using REST. It requires ONTAP 9.11.0 or later.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
