---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_wait_for_condition Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_wait_for_condition (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `conditions` (String) one or more conditions to match `state` and/or `transfer_state` for `snapmirror_relationship`, `is_in_progress` for `sp_upgrade`, `firmware_version` for `sp_version`.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the event to check for. snapmirror_relationship was added in 21.22.0.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attributes` (String) a dictionary of custom attributes for the condition. `sp_upgrade`, `sp_version` require `node`. `sp_version` requires `expected_version`. `snapmirror_relationship` requires `destination_path` and `expected_state` or `expected_transfer_state` to match the condition(s).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `polling_interval` (Number) how ofen to check for the conditions, in seconds.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) whether the conditions should be present or absent. if `present`, the module exits when any of the conditions is observed. if `absent`, the module exits with success when None of the conditions is observed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `last_state` (String) last observed state for event
- `states` (String) summarized list of observed states while waiting for completion reported for success or timeout error
