---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_dns Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_dns (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domains` (String) List of DNS domains such as 'sales.bar.com'. The first domain is the one that the Vserver belongs to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `nameservers` (String) List of IPv4 addresses of name servers such as '123.123.123.123'.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `skip_validation` (Boolean) By default, all nameservers are checked to validate they are available to resolve. If you DNS servers are not yet installed or momentarily not available, you can set this option to 'true' to bypass the check for all servers specified in nameservers field. With REST, requires ONTAP 9.9.1 or later and ignored for cluster DNS operations.
- `state` (String) Whether the DNS servers should be enabled for the given vserver.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vserver` (String) The name of the vserver to use. With REST, for cluster scoped DNS, omit this option or set it to NULL for ONTAP 9.13.1 or later and provide cluster vserver as its value for ONTAP 9.12.1 or earlier. With ZAPI or REST, for cluster scoped DNS, this can also be set to the cluster vserver name.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
