---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_netapp_e_drive_firmware Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_eseries_santricity_netapp_e_drive_firmware (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `firmware` (String) list of drive firmware file paths. NetApp E-Series drives require special firmware which can be downloaded from https://mysupport.netapp.com/NOW/download/tools/diskfw_eseries/
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_inaccessible_drives` (Boolean) This flag will determine whether drive firmware upgrade should fail if any affected drives are inaccessible.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `upgrade_drives_online` (Boolean) This flag will determine whether drive firmware can be upgrade while drives are accepting I/O. When *upgrade_drives_online==False* stop all I/O before running task.
- `wait_for_completion` (Boolean) This flag will cause module to wait for any upgrade actions to complete.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Whether any drive firmware was upgraded and whether it is in progress.
