---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_grid_proxy_settings Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_grid_proxy_settings (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `ca_bundle` (String) CA certificate bundle in concatenated PEM-encoding for TLS enabled connection; null when TLS is disabled.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable` (Boolean) Enable use of the Admin Node proxy.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host_name` (String) The IP address or hostname of the Admin Node proxy.
- `host_port` (Number) Port for the Admin Node proxy.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) Password for the Admin Node proxy.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `proxy` (String) The address of the Storage Node proxy to use for external requests. Can be either protocol://hostname:port or protocol://ip:port, where protocol is one of http or socks5.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Proxy settings should be present.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Username for the Admin Node proxy.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `resp` (String) Returns information about the StorageGRID proxy settings.
