---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_service_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_service_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the service policy.

### Optional

- `additional_services` (String) As an alternative to updating the `known_services`, new services can be specified here.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipspace` (String) Name of the ipspace. Required for cluster-scoped service policies. Optional for SVM-scoped service policies.
- `known_services` (String) List of known services in 9.12.1 An error is raised if any service in `services` is not in this list or `new_services`. Modify this list to restrict the services you want to support if needed.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `scope` (String) Set to "svm" for interfaces owned by an SVM. Otherwise, set to "cluster". svm is assumed if vserver is set. cluster is assumed is vserver is not set.
- `services` (String) List of services to associate to this service policy. To remove all services, use "no_service".  No other value is allowed when no_service is present. Note - not all versions of ONTAP support all values, and new ones may be added. See `known_services` and `additional_services` to address unknow service errors.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified service policy should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vserver` (String) The name of the vserver to use. Omit this option for cluster scoped user accounts.

### Read-Only

- `cd_action` (String) whether a public key is created or deleted.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `modify` (String) attributes that were modified if the key already exists.
