---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_aggregate Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_aggregate (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the aggregate to manage.

### Optional

- `allow_flexgroups` (Boolean) This optional parameter allows attaching object store to an aggregate containing FlexGroup constituents. The default value is false. Mixing FabricPools and non-FabricPools within a FlexGroup is not recommended. All aggregates hosting constituents of a FlexGroup should be attached to the object store.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disk_class` (String) Class of disk to use to build aggregate. `capacity_flash` is listed in swagger, but rejected as invalid by ONTAP.
- `disk_count` (Number) Number of disks to place into the aggregate, including parity disks. The disks in this newly-created aggregate come from the spare disk pool. The smallest disks in this pool join the aggregate first, unless the `disk-size` argument is provided. Either `disk-count` or `disks` must be supplied. Range [0..2^31-1]. Required when `state=present`. Modifiable only if specified disk_count is larger than current disk_count. Cannot create raidgroup with 1 disk when using raid type raid4. If the disk_count % raid_size == 1, only disk_count/raid_size * raid_size will be added. If disk_count is 6, raid_type is raid4, raid_size 4, all 6 disks will be added. If disk_count is 5, raid_type is raid4, raid_size 4, 5/4 * 4 = 4 will be added. 1 will not be added. With REST, `nodes` is required if `disk_count` is present.
- `disk_size` (Number) Disk size to use in 4K block size.  Disks within 10% of specified size will be used. With REST, this is converted to bytes using 4096.  Use `disk_size_with_unit` to skip the conversion.
- `disk_size_with_unit` (String) Disk size to use in the specified unit. It is a positive integer number followed by unit of T/G/M/K. For example, 72G, 1T and 32M. Or the unit can be omitted for bytes (REST also accepts B). This option is ignored if a specific list of disks is specified through the "disks" parameter. You must only use one of either "disk-size" or "disk-size-with-unit" parameters. With REST, this is converted to bytes, assuming K=1024.
- `disk_type` (String) Type of disk to use to build aggregate. Not supported with REST - see `disk_class`. SSD-NVM, SSD-CAP were added with ONTAP 9.6. VMLUN was added with ONTAP 9.9.
- `disks` (String) Specific list of disks to use for the new aggregate. To create a "mirrored" aggregate with a specific list of disks, both 'disks' and 'mirror_disks' options must be supplied. Additionally, the same number of disks must be supplied in both lists. Not supported with REST.
- `encryption` (Boolean) whether to enable software encryption. this is equivalent to -encrypt-with-aggr-key when using the CLI. requires a VE license.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `from_name` (String) Name of the aggregate to be renamed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_pool_checks` (Boolean) only valid when *disks* option is used. disks in a plex should belong to the same spare pool, and mirror disks to another spare pool. when set to true, these checks are ignored. Ignored with REST as *disks* is not supported.
- `is_mirrored` (Boolean) Specifies that the new aggregate be mirrored (have two plexes). If set to true, then the indicated disks will be split across the two plexes. By default, the new aggregate will not be mirrored. This option cannot be used when a specific list of disks is supplied with either the 'disks' or 'mirror_disks' options.
- `lambda_config` (String) Configuration parameters for AWS Lambda proxy functionality. These option and suboptions are only supported with REST.
- `mirror_disks` (String) List of mirror disks to use. It must contain the same number of disks specified in 'disks'. Not supported with REST.
- `nodes` (String) Node(s) for the aggregate to be created on.  If no node specified, mgmt lif home will be used. ZAPI only - if multiple nodes specified an aggr stripe will be made. With REST, only one node can be specified.  If disk_count is present, node name is required.
- `object_store_name` (String) Name of the object store configuration attached to the aggregate.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `raid_size` (Number) Sets the maximum number of drives per raid group.
- `raid_type` (String) Specifies the type of RAID groups to use in the new aggregate. raid_0 is only available on ONTAP Select.
- `service_state` (String) Whether the specified aggregate should be enabled or disabled. Creates aggregate if doesnt exist. Supported from 9.11.1 or later in REST.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snaplock_type` (String) Type of snaplock for the aggregate being created.
- `spare_pool` (String) Specifies the spare pool from which to select spare disks to use in creation of a new aggregate. Not supported with REST.
- `state` (String) Whether the specified aggregate should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `time_out` (Number) time to wait for aggregate creation in seconds. default is set to 100 seconds.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unmount_volumes` (Boolean) If set to "true", this option specifies that all of the volumes hosted by the given aggregate are to be unmounted before the offline operation is executed. By default, the system will reject any attempt to offline an aggregate that hosts one or more online volumes. Not supported with REST, by default REST unmount volumes when trying to offline aggregate.
- `wait_for_online` (Boolean) Set this parameter to 'true' for synchronous execution during create (wait until aggregate status is online). Set this parameter to 'false' for asynchronous execution. For asynchronous, execution exits as soon as the request is sent, without checking aggregate status. Ignored with REST (always wait).

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
