---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_org_identity_federation Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_org_identity_federation (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `base_group_dn` (String) The Distinguished Name of the LDAP subtree to search for groups.
- `base_user_dn` (String) The Distinguished Name of the LDAP subtree to search for users.
- `ca_cert` (String) Custom certificate used to connect to the LDAP server. If a custom certificate is not supplied, the operating system CA certificate will be used.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hostname` (String) The hostname or IP address of the LDAP server.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ldap_group_id_attribute` (String) The LDAP attribute which contains the group for a user. Should be configured if *ldap_service_type=Other*.
- `ldap_group_uuid_attribute` (String) The LDAP attribute which contains the group's permanent unique identity. Should be configured if *ldap_service_type=Other*.
- `ldap_service_type` (String) The type of LDAP server.
- `ldap_user_id_attribute` (String) The LDAP attribute which contains the unique user name of a user. Should be configured if *ldap_service_type=Other*.
- `ldap_user_uuid_attribute` (String) The LDAP attribute which contains the permanent unique identity of a user. Should be configured if *ldap_service_type=Other*.
- `password` (String) The password associated with the username.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) The port used to connect to the LDAP server. Typically 389 for LDAP, or 636 for LDAPS.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether identity federation should be enabled or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tls` (String) Whether Transport Layer Security is used to connect to the LDAP server.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The type of identity source. Default is 'ldap'.
- `username` (String) The username to bind to the LDAP server.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `resp` (String) Returns information about the StorageGRID tenant account identity source configuration.
