---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_grid_gateway Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_storagegrid_na_sg_grid_gateway (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `port` (Number) The TCP port to serve traffic on. This parameter cannot be modified after the load balancer endpoint has been created.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `binding_mode` (String) Binding mode to restrict accessibility of the load balancer endpoint. A binding mode other than *global* requires StorageGRID 11.5 or greater.
- `ca_bundle` (String) Intermediate CA certificate bundle in concatenated PEM-encoding. Omit when there is no intermediate CA.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `closed_on_untrusted_client_network` (Boolean) Whether to close the port on an untrusted Client Network.
- `default_service_type` (String) The type of service to proxy through the load balancer.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `display_name` (String) A display name for the configuration. This parameter can be modified if *gateway_id* is also specified.
- `enable_grid_manager` (Boolean) Whether to use the port bind for grid manager traffic.
- `enable_ipv4` (Boolean) Indicates whether to listen for connections on IPv4.
- `enable_ipv6` (Boolean) Indicates whether to listen for connections on IPv6.
- `enable_tenant_manager` (Boolean) Whether to use the port bind for tenant manager traffic.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gateway_id` (String) ID of the load balancer endpoint.
- `ha_groups` (String) A set of StorageGRID HA Groups by name or UUID to bind the load balancer endpoint to. Option is ignored unless *binding_mode=ha-groups*.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `node_interfaces` (String) A set of StorageGRID node interfaces to bind the load balancer endpoint to.
- `node_type` (String) A list of node types to bind to. This Load Balancer Endpoint will listen on all nodes of this type. The adminNode type includes both primary and non-primary admin nodes.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_key` (String) Certficate private key in PEM-encoding. Required if *server_certificate* is not empty.
- `secure` (Boolean) Whether the load balancer endpoint serves HTTP or HTTPS traffic. This parameter cannot be modified after the load balancer endpoint has been created.
- `server_certificate` (String) X.509 server certificate in PEM-encoding. Omit if using default certificates.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the specified load balancer endpoint should be configured.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `resp` (String) Returns information about the StorageGRID Load Balancer Endpoint.
