---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_snapshot Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_snapshot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `snapshot` (String) Name of the snapshot to be managed. The maximum string length is 256 characters.
- `volume` (String) Name of the volume on which the snapshot is to be created.
- `vserver` (String) The Vserver name

### Optional

- `async_bool` (Boolean) If true, the snapshot is to be created asynchronously.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) A human readable comment attached with the snapshot. The size of the comment can be at most 255 characters.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `expiry_time` (String) Snapshot expire time, only available with REST. format should be in the timezone configured with cluster.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `from_name` (String) Name of the existing snapshot to be renamed to.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_owners` (Boolean) if this field is true, snapshot will be deleted even if some other processes are accessing it.
- `lambda_config` (String) Configuration parameters for AWS Lambda proxy functionality. These option and suboptions are only supported with REST.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snaplock_expiry_time` (String) SnapLock expiry time for the snapshot, if the snapshot is taken on a SnapLock volume. Only supported with REST, requires ONTAP 9.15.1 or later.
- `snapmirror_label` (String) A human readable SnapMirror Label attached with the snapshot. Size of the label can be at most 31 characters. Supported with REST on Ontap 9.7 or higher.
- `snapshot_instance_uuid` (String) The 128 bit unique snapshot identifier expressed in the form of UUID.
- `state` (String) If you want to create/modify a snapshot, or delete it.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
