---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_snapmirror Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_netapp_ontap_na_ontap_snapmirror (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clean_up_failure` (Boolean) An optional parameter to recover from an aborted or failed restore operation. Any temporary RST relationship is removed from the destination Vserver. Only supported with ZAPI.
- `connection_type` (String) Type of SnapMirror relationship. Pre-requisite for either elementsw_ontap or ontap_elementsw the ElementSW volume should have enableSnapmirror option set to true. For using ontap_elementsw, elementsw_ontap snapmirror relationship should exist.
- `create_destination` (String) Requires ONTAP 9.7 or later. Creates the destination volume if enabled and destination_volume is present or destination_path includes a volume name. Creates and peers the destination vserver for SVM DR.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `destination_cluster` (String) Requires ONTAP 9.7 or higher. Required to create the destination vserver for SVM DR or the destination volume. Deprecated as of 21.2.0, use destination_endpoint and cluster.
- `destination_endpoint` (String) destination endpoint of a SnapMirror relationship.
- `destination_path` (String) Specifies the destination endpoint of the SnapMirror relationship. Deprecated as of 21.2.0, use destination_endpoint and path.
- `destination_volume` (String) Specifies the name of the destination volume for the SnapMirror. Deprecated as of 21.2.0, use source_endpoint and path.
- `destination_vserver` (String) Name of the destination vserver for the SnapMirror. Deprecated as of 21.2.0, use destination_endpoint and path, or svm.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `identity_preservation` (String) Specifies which configuration of the source SVM is replicated to the destination SVM. This property is applicable only for SVM data protection with "async" policy type. Only supported with REST and requires ONTAP 9.11.1 or later.
- `identity_preserve` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not the identity of the source Vserver is replicated to the destination Vserver. If this parameter is set to true, the source Vserver's configuration will additionally be replicated to the destination. If the parameter is set to false, then only the source Vserver's volumes and RBAC configuration are replicated to the destination.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `initialize` (Boolean) Specifies whether to initialize SnapMirror relation. Default is True, it can be explicitly set to False to avoid initializing SnapMirror relation.
- `max_transfer_rate` (Number) Specifies the upper bound, in kilobytes per second, at which data is transferred. Default is unlimited, it can be explicitly set to 0 as unlimited.
- `policy` (String) Specify the name of the SnapMirror policy that applies to this relationship.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `quick_resync` (Boolean) Set to true to reduce resync time by not preserving storage efficiency. This property is applicable only for relationships with FlexVol volume endpoints and SVMDR relationships when the PATCH state is being changed to "snapmirrored". Only supported with REST.
- `quiesced_time_out` (Number) How long to wait for a relationship to quiesce. Unit is seconds.
- `relationship_info_only` (Boolean) If relationship-info-only is set to true then only relationship information is removed.
- `relationship_state` (String) Specifies whether to break SnapMirror relation or establish a SnapMirror relationship. state must be present to use this option.
- `relationship_type` (String) Specify the type of SnapMirror relationship. for 'restore' unless 'source_snapshot' is specified the most recent Snapshot copy on the source volume is restored. restore SnapMirror is not idempotent. With REST, only 'extended_data_protection' and 'restore' are supported.
- `schedule` (String) Specify the name of the current schedule, which is used to update the SnapMirror relationship. Optional for create, modifiable. With REST, this option requires ONTAP 9.11.1 or later.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_cluster` (String) Requires ONTAP 9.7 or higher. Required to create the peering relationship between source and destination SVMs. Deprecated as of 21.2.0, use source_endpoint and cluster.
- `source_endpoint` (String) source endpoint of a SnapMirror relationship.
- `source_hostname` (String) DEPRECATED - please use `peer_options`. Source hostname or management IP address for ONTAP or ElementSW cluster. If present, when state is absent, the relationship is released at the source before being deleted at destination. It is recommended to always release before deleting, so make sure this parameter is present if the source hostname is known.
- `source_password` (String) DEPRECATED - please use `peer_options`. Source password for ONTAP or ElementSW cluster. Optional if this is same as destination password.
- `source_path` (String) Specifies the source endpoint of the SnapMirror relationship. If the source is an ONTAP volume, format should be <[vserver:][volume]> or <[[cluster:]//vserver/]volume> If the source is an ElementSW volume, format should be <[Element_SVIP]:/lun/[Element_VOLUME_ID]> If the source is an ElementSW volume, the volume should have SnapMirror enabled. Deprecated as of 21.2.0, use source_endpoint and path.
- `source_snapshot` (String) Specifies the Snapshot from the source to be restored.
- `source_username` (String) DEPRECATED - please use `peer_options`. Source username for ONTAP or ElementSW cluster. Optional if this is same as destination username.
- `source_volume` (String) Specifies the name of the source volume for the SnapMirror. Deprecated as of 21.2.0, use source_endpoint and path.
- `source_vserver` (String) Name of the source vserver for the SnapMirror. Deprecated as of 21.2.0, use source_endpoint and path, or svm.
- `state` (String) Whether the specified relationship should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `transferring_time_out` (Number) How long to wait when a transfer is in progress (after initializing for instance).  Unit is seconds.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update` (Boolean) Specifies whether to update the destination endpoint of the SnapMirror relationship only if the relationship is already present and active. Default is True.
- `validate_source_path` (Boolean) The relationship is found based on the destination as it is unique. By default, the source information is verified and an error is reported if there is a mismatch. This would mean the destination is already used by another relationship. The check accounts for a local vserver name that may be different from the remote vserver name. This may be disabled in case the check is too strict, to unconditionally delete a realtionship for instance.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
