---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_vpn_connection Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_vpn_connection (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `vpc` (String) Name of the VPC the VPN connection is related to.
- `vpn_customer_gateway` (String) Name of the VPN customer gateway.
- `zone` (String) Name of the zone the VPC is related to.

### Optional

- `account` (String) Account the VPN connection is related to.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) Domain the VPN connection is related to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Activate the VPN gateway if not already activated on *state=present*. Also see `ngine_io.cloudstack.cs_vpn_gateway`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `passive` (Boolean) State of the VPN connection. Only considered when *state=present*.
- `poll_async` (Boolean) Poll async jobs until job has finished.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) Name of the project the VPN connection is related to.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the VPN connection.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cidrs` (String) List of CIDRs of the customer gateway.
- `created` (String) Date the connection was created.
- `dpd` (Boolean) Whether dead pear detection is enabled or not.
- `esp_lifetime` (Number) Lifetime in seconds of phase 2 VPN connection.
- `esp_policy` (String) IKE policy of the VPN connection.
- `force_encap` (Boolean) Whether encapsulation for NAT traversal is enforced or not.
- `gateway` (String) IP address of the VPN customer gateway.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `ike_lifetime` (Number) Lifetime in seconds of phase 1 VPN connection.
- `ike_policy` (String) ESP policy of the VPN connection.
- `public_ip` (String) IP address of the VPN gateway.
- `vpn_gateway_id` (String) UUID of the VPN gateway.
