---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_metadata_facts Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_metadata_facts (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filter` (String) Filter for a specific fact.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `meta_data_host` (String) Host or IP of the meta data API service. If not set, determination by parsing the dhcp lease file.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cloudstack_availability_zone` (String) zone the instance is deployed in.
- `cloudstack_instance_id` (String) UUID of the instance.
- `cloudstack_local_hostname` (String) local hostname of the instance.
- `cloudstack_local_ipv4` (String) local IPv4 of the instance.
- `cloudstack_public_hostname` (String) public IPv4 of the router. Same as *cloudstack_public_ipv4*.
- `cloudstack_public_ipv4` (String) public IPv4 of the router.
- `cloudstack_service_offering` (String) service offering of the instance.
- `cloudstack_user_data` (String) data of the instance provided by users.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
