---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_vpc Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_vpc (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the VPC.
- `zone` (String) Name of the zone.

### Optional

- `account` (String) Account the VPC is related to.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cidr` (String) CIDR of the VPC, e.g. 10.1.0.0/16 All VPC guest networks' CIDRs must be within this CIDR. Required on *state=present*.
- `clean_up` (Boolean) Whether to redeploy a VPC router or not when *state=restarted*
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `display_text` (String) Display text of the VPC. If not set, *name* will be used for creating.
- `domain` (String) Domain the VPC is related to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `network_domain` (String) Network domain for the VPC. All networks inside the VPC will belong to this domain. Only considered while creating the VPC, can not be changed.
- `poll_async` (Boolean) Poll async jobs until job has finished.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) Name of the project the VPC is related to.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the VPC. The state `present` creates a started VPC. The state `stopped` is only considered while creating the VPC, added in version 2.6.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vpc_offering` (String) Name of the VPC offering. If not set, default VPC offering is used.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `distributed_vpc_router` (Boolean) Whether the VPC uses distributed router or not.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `redundant_vpc_router` (Boolean) Whether the VPC has redundant routers or not.
- `region_level_vpc` (Boolean) Whether the VPC is region level or not.
- `restart_required` (Boolean) Whether the VPC router needs a restart or not.
