---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `username` (String) Username of the user.

### Optional

- `account` (String) Account the user will be created under. Required on *state=present*.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) Domain the user is related to.
- `email` (String) Email of the user. Required on *state=present*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `first_name` (String) First name of the user. Required on *state=present*.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `keys_registered` (Boolean) If API keys of the user should be generated. Note: Keys can not be removed by the API again.
- `last_name` (String) Last name of the user. Required on *state=present*.
- `password` (String) Password of the user to be created. Required on *state=present*. Only considered on creation and will not be updated if user exists.
- `poll_async` (Boolean) Poll async jobs until job has finished.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the user. `unlocked` is an alias for `enabled`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timezone` (String) Timezone of the user.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `account_type` (String) Type of the account.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `created` (String) Date the user was created.
- `fist_name` (String) First name of the user.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `user_api_key` (String) API key of the user.
- `user_api_secret` (String) API secret of the user.
