---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_network_acl_rule Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_network_acl_rule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `network_acl` (String) Name of the network ACL.
- `rule_position` (Number) The position of the network ACL rule.
- `vpc` (String) VPC the network ACL is related to.
- `zone` (String) Name of the zone the VPC related to.

### Optional

- `account` (String) Account the VPC is related to.
- `action_policy` (String) Action policy of the rule.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cidrs` (String) CIDRs of the rule.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) Domain the VPC is related to.
- `end_port` (Number) End port for this rule. Considered if *protocol=tcp* or *protocol=udp*. If not specified, equal *start_port*.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `icmp_code` (Number) Error code for this icmp message. Considered if *protocol=icmp*.
- `icmp_type` (Number) Type of the icmp message being sent. Considered if *protocol=icmp*.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_async` (Boolean) Poll async jobs until job has finished.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) Name of the project the VPC is related to.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol of the rule
- `protocol_number` (Number) Protocol number from 1 to 256 required if *protocol=by_number*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `start_port` (Number) Start port for this rule. Considered if *protocol=tcp* or *protocol=udp*.
- `state` (String) State of the network ACL rule.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `traffic_type` (String) Traffic type of the rule.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cidr` (String) CIDR of the network ACL rule.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
