---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_network_offering Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_network_offering (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the network offering.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `availability` (String) The availability of network offering. Default value is Optional
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `conserve_mode` (Boolean) Whether the network offering has IP conserve mode enabled.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `details` (String) Network offering details in key/value pairs. with service provider as a value
- `display_text` (String) Display text of the network offerings.
- `domains` (String) List of domains the network offering is related to. Use `public` for public offerings.
- `egress_default_policy` (String) Whether the default egress policy is allow or to deny.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `for_vpc` (Boolean) Whether the offering is meant to be used for VPC or not.
- `guest_ip_type` (String) Guest type of the network offering.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `keepalive_enabled` (Boolean) If true keepalive will be turned on in the loadbalancer. At the time of writing this has only an effect on haproxy. the mode http and httpclose options are unset in the haproxy conf file.
- `max_connections` (Number) Maximum number of concurrent connections supported by the network offering.
- `network_rate` (Number) Data transfer rate in megabits per second allowed.
- `persistent` (Boolean) True if network offering supports persistent networks defaulted to false if not specified
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `service_capabilities` (String) Desired service capabilities as part of network offering.
- `service_offering` (String) The service offering name or ID used by virtual router provider.
- `service_providers` (String) Provider to service mapping. If not specified, the provider for the service will be mapped to the default provider on the physical network.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `specify_ip_ranges` (Boolean) Whether the network offering supports specifying IP ranges. Defaulted to `no` by the API if not specified.
- `specify_vlan` (Boolean) Whether the network offering supports vlans or not.
- `state` (String) State of the network offering.
- `supported_services` (String) Services supported by the network offering. A list of one or more items from the choice list.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `traffic_type` (String) The traffic type for the network offering.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `zones` (String) List of zones the network offering is related to. Use `all` for all zones offering.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether network offering is the default offering or not.
- `is_persistent` (Boolean) Whether persistent networks are supported or not.
- `service_offering_id` (String) The service offering ID.
