---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_account Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_account (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of account.

### Optional

- `account_type` (String) Type of the account.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) Domain the account is related to.
- `email` (String) Email of the user to be created if account did not exist. Required on *state=present* if *ldap_domain* is not set.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `first_name` (String) First name of the user to be created if account did not exist. Required on *state=present* if *ldap_domain* is not set.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `last_name` (String) Last name of the user to be created if account did not exist. Required on *state=present* if *ldap_domain* is not set.
- `ldap_domain` (String) Name of the LDAP group or OU to bind. If set, account will be linked to LDAP.
- `ldap_type` (String) Type of the ldap name. GROUP or OU, defaults to GROUP.
- `network_domain` (String) Network domain of the account.
- `password` (String) Password of the user to be created if account did not exist. Required on *state=present* if *ldap_domain* is not set.
- `poll_async` (Boolean) Poll async jobs until job has finished.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `role` (String) Creates the account under the specified role name or id.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the account. `unlocked` is an alias for `enabled`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timezone` (String) Timezone of the user to be created if account did not exist.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Username of the user to be created if account did not exist. Required on *state=present*.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
