---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_instance Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_instance (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `zone` (String) Name of the zone in which the instance should be deployed.

### Optional

- `account` (String) Account the instance is related to.
- `affinity_groups` (String) Affinity groups names to be applied to the new instance.
- `allow_root_disk_shrink` (Boolean) Enables a volume shrinkage when the new size is smaller than the old one.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster` (String) Cluster on which an instance should be deployed or started on. Only considered when *state=started* or instance is running. Requires root admin privileges.
- `cpu` (Number) The number of CPUs to allocate to the instance, used with custom service offerings
- `cpu_speed` (Number) The clock speed/shares allocated to the instance, used with custom service offerings
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `details` (String) Map to specify custom parameters.
- `disk_offering` (String) Name of the disk offering to be used.
- `disk_size` (Number) Disk size in GByte required if deploying instance from ISO.
- `display_name` (String) Custom display name of the instances. Display name will be set to *name* if not specified. Either *name* or *display_name* is required.
- `domain` (String) Domain the instance is related to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Force stop/start the instance if required to apply changes, otherwise a running instance will not be changed.
- `group` (String) Group in where the new instance should be in.
- `host` (String) Host on which an instance should be deployed or started on. Only considered when *state=started* or instance is running. Requires root admin privileges.
- `hypervisor` (String) Name the hypervisor to be used for creating the new instance. Relevant when using *state=present*, but only considered if not set on ISO/template. If not set or found on ISO/template, first found hypervisor will be used. Possible values are `KVM`, `VMware`, `BareMetal`, `XenServer`, `LXC`, `HyperV`, `UCS`, `OVM`, `Simulator`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip6_address` (String) IPv6 address for default instance's network.
- `ip_address` (String) IPv4 address for default instance's network during creation.
- `ip_to_networks` (String) List of mappings in the form *{'network': NetworkName, 'ip': 1.2.3.4}* Mutually exclusive with *networks* option.
- `iso` (String) Name or id of the ISO to be used for creating the new instance. Required when using *state=present*. Mutually exclusive with *template* option.
- `keyboard` (String) Keyboard device type for the instance.
- `memory` (Number) The memory allocated to the instance, used with custom service offerings
- `name` (String) Host name of the instance. `name` can only contain ASCII letters. Name will be generated (UUID) by CloudStack if not specified and can not be changed afterwards. Either `name` or `display_name` is required.
- `networks` (String) List of networks to use for the new instance.
- `pod` (String) Pod on which an instance should be deployed or started on. Only considered when *state=started* or instance is running. Requires root admin privileges.
- `poll_async` (Boolean) Poll async jobs until job has finished.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) Name of the project the instance to be deployed in.
- `root_disk_size` (Number) Root disk size in GByte required if deploying instance with KVM hypervisor and want resize the root disk size at startup (needs CloudStack >= 4.4, cloud-initramfs-growroot installed and enabled in the template).
- `security_groups` (String) List of security groups the instance to be applied to.
- `service_offering` (String) Name or id of the service offering of the new instance. If not set, first found service offering is used.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssh_keys` (String) List of names of SSH keys to be deployed on the new instance.
- `state` (String) State of the instance.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template` (String) Name, display text or id of the template to be used for creating the new instance. Required when using *state=present*. Mutually exclusive with *iso* option.
- `template_filter` (String) Name of the filter used to search for the template or iso. Used for params *iso* or *template* on *state=present*.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_data` (String) Optional data (ASCII) that can be sent to the instance upon a successful deployment. The data will be automatically base64 encoded. Consider switching to HTTP_POST by using *CLOUDSTACK_METHOD=post* to increase the HTTP_GET size limit of 2KB to 32 KB. Mutually exclusive with *user_data_name* option.
- `user_data_details` (String) Map used to specify the parameters values for the variables in userdata.
- `user_data_name` (String) Name of user data to be used. Mutually exclusive with *user_data* option.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `created` (String) Date of the instance was created.
- `default_ip` (String) Default IP address of the instance.
- `default_ip6` (String) Default IPv6 address of the instance.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `instance_name` (String) Internal name of the instance (ROOT admin only).
- `password` (String) The password of the instance if exists.
- `password_enabled` (Boolean) True if password setting is enabled.
- `public_ip` (String) Public IP address with instance via static NAT rule.
- `template_display_text` (String) Display text of template the instance was deployed with.
- `user-data` (String) Optional data sent to the instance.
