---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_volume_snapshot_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_volume_snapshot_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `account` (String) Account the volume is related to.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `device_id` (Number) ID of the device on a VM the volume is attached to. This will only be considered if VM has multiple DATADISK volumes.
- `domain` (String) Domain the volume is related to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interval_type` (String) Interval of the snapshot.
- `max_snaps` (Number) Max number of snapshots.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) Name of the project the volume is related to.
- `schedule` (String) Time the snapshot is scheduled. Required if *state=present*. Format for *interval_type=HOURLY*: `MM` Format for *interval_type=DAILY*: `MM:HH` Format for *interval_type=WEEKLY*: `MM:HH:DD (1-7`) Format for *interval_type=MONTHLY*: `MM:HH:DD (1-28`)
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the snapshot policy.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `time_zone` (String) Specifies a timezone for this command.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vm` (String) Name of the VM/instance to select the volume from. Use *volume_type* if VM has a DATADISK and ROOT volume. In case of *volume_type=DATADISK*, additionally use *device_id* if VM has more than one DATADISK volume. Either *volume* or *vm* is required.
- `volume` (String) Name of the volume. Either *volume* or *vm* is required.
- `volume_type` (String) Type of the volume.
- `vpc` (String) Name of the vpc the instance is deployed in.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `zone` (String) Name of zone the volume is related to.
