---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_traffic_type Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_traffic_type (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `physical_network` (String) the name of the Physical Network
- `traffic_type` (String) the trafficType to be added to the physical network.
- `zone` (String) Name of the zone with the physical network.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hyperv_networklabel` (String) The network name label of the physical device dedicated to this traffic on a HyperV host.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `isolation_method` (String) Use if the physical network has multiple isolation types and traffic type is public.
- `kvm_networklabel` (String) The network name label of the physical device dedicated to this traffic on a KVM host.
- `ovm3_networklabel` (String) The network name of the physical device dedicated to this traffic on an OVM3 host.
- `poll_async` (Boolean) Poll async jobs until job has finished.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the traffic type
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vlan` (String) The VLAN id to be used for Management traffic by VMware host.
- `vmware_networklabel` (String) The network name label of the physical device dedicated to this traffic on a VMware host.
- `xen_networklabel` (String) The network name label of the physical device dedicated to this traffic on a XenServer host.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
