---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_network Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_network (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name (case sensitive) of the network.
- `zone` (String) Name of the zone in which the network should be deployed.

### Optional

- `account` (String) Account the network is related to.
- `acl` (String) The name of the access control list for the VPC network tier.
- `acl_type` (String) Access control type for the network. If not specified, Cloudstack will default to `account` for isolated networks and `domain` for shared networks. Only considered on create.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cidr_ipv6` (String) CIDR of IPv6 network, must be at least /64. Only considered on create.
- `clean_up` (Boolean) Cleanup old network elements. Only considered on *state=restarted*.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `display_text` (String) Display text of the network. If not specified, *name* will be used as *display_text*.
- `domain` (String) Domain the network is related to.
- `end_ip` (String) The ending IPv4 address of the network belongs to. If not specified, value of *start_ip* is used. Only considered on create.
- `end_ipv6` (String) The ending IPv6 address of the network belongs to. If not specified, value of *start_ipv6* is used. Only considered on create.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gateway` (String) The gateway of the network. Required for shared networks and isolated networks when it belongs to a VPC. Only considered on create.
- `gateway_ipv6` (String) The gateway of the IPv6 network. Required for shared networks. Only considered on create.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `isolated_pvlan` (String) The isolated private VLAN for this network.
- `netmask` (String) The netmask of the network. Required for shared networks and isolated networks when it belongs to a VPC. Only considered on create.
- `network_domain` (String) The network domain.
- `network_offering` (String) Name of the offering for the network. Required if *state=present*.
- `poll_async` (Boolean) Poll async jobs until job has finished.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) Name of the project the network to be deployed in.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `start_ip` (String) The beginning IPv4 address of the network belongs to. Only considered on create.
- `start_ipv6` (String) The beginning IPv6 address of the network belongs to. Only considered on create.
- `state` (String) State of the network.
- `subdomain_access` (Boolean) Defines whether to allow subdomains to use networks dedicated to their parent domain(s). Should be used with *acl_type=domain*. Only considered on create.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vlan` (String) The ID or VID of the network.
- `vpc` (String) Name of the VPC of the network.

### Read-Only

- `acl_id` (String) ID of the access control list for the VPC network tier.
- `broadcast_domain_type` (String) Broadcast domain type of the network.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cidr` (String) IPv4 network CIDR.
- `dns1` (String) IP address of the 1st nameserver.
- `dns2` (String) IP address of the 2nd nameserver.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `is_persistent` (Boolean) Whether the network is persistent or not.
- `is_system` (Boolean) Whether the network is system related or not.
- `network_offering_availability` (String) The availability of the network offering the network is created from
- `network_offering_conserve_mode` (Boolean) Whether the network offering has IP conserve mode enabled or not.
- `network_offering_display_text` (String) The network offering display text.
- `traffic_type` (String) Traffic type of the network.
- `type` (String) Type of the network.
