---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_template Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_template (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the template.

### Optional

- `account` (String) Account the template, snapshot or VM is related to.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bits` (Number) 32 or 64 bits support.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `checksum` (String) The MD5 checksum value of this template. If set, we search by checksum instead of name.
- `cross_zones` (Boolean) Whether the template should be synced or removed across zones. Only used if *state* is `present` or `absent`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `details` (String) Template details in key/value pairs.
- `display_text` (String) Display text of the template.
- `domain` (String) Domain the template, snapshot or VM is related to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `format` (String) The format for the template. Only considered if *state=present*.
- `hypervisor` (String) Name the hypervisor to be used for creating the new template. Relevant when using *state=present*. Possible values are `KVM`, `VMware`, `BareMetal`, `XenServer`, `LXC`, `HyperV`, `UCS`, `OVM`, `Simulator`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_dynamically_scalable` (Boolean) Register the template having XS/VMware tools installed in order to support dynamic scaling of VM CPU/memory. Only used if *state* is `present`.
- `is_extractable` (Boolean) Allows the template or its derivatives to be extractable.
- `is_featured` (Boolean) Register the template to be featured. Only used if *state* is `present`.
- `is_public` (Boolean) Register the template to be publicly available to all users. Only used if *state* is `present`.
- `is_routing` (Boolean) Sets the template type to routing, i.e. if template is used to deploy routers. Only considered if *url* is used.
- `mode` (String) Mode for the template extraction. Only used if *state=extracted*.
- `os_type` (String) OS type that best represents the OS of this template.
- `password_enabled` (Boolean) Enable template password reset support.
- `poll_async` (Boolean) Poll async jobs until job has finished.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) Name of the project the template to be registered in.
- `requires_hvm` (Boolean) Whether the template requires HVM or not. Only considered while creating the template.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot` (String) Name of the snapshot, created from the VM ROOT volume, the template will be created from. *vm* is required together with this argument.
- `sshkey_enabled` (Boolean) True if the template supports the sshkey upload feature. Only considered if *url* is used (API limitation).
- `state` (String) State of the template.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template_filter` (String) Name of the filter used to search for the template. The filter `all` was added in 2.7.
- `template_find_options` (String) Options to find a template uniquely. More than one allowed.
- `template_tag` (String) The tag for this template.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) URL of where the template is hosted on *state=present*. URL to which the template would be extracted on *state=extracted*. Mutually exclusive with *vm*.
- `vm` (String) VM name the template will be created from its volume or alternatively from a snapshot. VM must be in stopped state if created from its volume. Mutually exclusive with *url*.
- `zone` (String) Name of the zone you wish the template to be registered or deleted from. Required when *cross_zones* is `no`

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `created` (String) Date of registering.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `is_ready` (Boolean) True if the template is ready to be deployed from.
- `status` (String) Status of the template or extracted object.
- `template_type` (String) Type of the template.
