---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_portforward Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_portforward (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `ip_address` (String) Public IP address the rule is assigned to.
- `private_port` (Number) Start private port for this rule.
- `public_port` (Number) Start public port for this rule.
- `zone` (String) Name of the zone in which the virtual machine is in.

### Optional

- `account` (String) Account the *vm* is related to.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) Domain the *vm* is related to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `network` (String) Name of the network. Required when forwarding ports in a VPC.
- `open_firewall` (Boolean) Whether the firewall rule for public port should be created, while creating the new rule. Not supported when forwarding ports in a VPC. Use `ngine_io.cloudstack.cs_firewall` for managing firewall rules.
- `poll_async` (Boolean) Poll async jobs until job has finished.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `private_end_port` (Number) End private port for this rule. If not specified equal *private_port*.
- `project` (String) Name of the project the *vm* is located in.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol of the port forwarding rule.
- `public_end_port` (Number) End public port for this rule. If not specified equal *public_port*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the port forwarding rule.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vm` (String) Name of virtual machine which we make the port forwarding rule for. Required if *state=present*.
- `vm_guest_ip` (String) VM guest NIC secondary IP address for the port forwarding rule.
- `vpc` (String) Name of the VPC.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vm_display_name` (String) Display name of the virtual machine.
- `vm_name` (String) Name of the virtual machine.
