---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_vpc_offering Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_vpc_offering (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the vpc offering

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `display_text` (String) Display text of the vpc offerings
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_async` (Boolean) Poll async jobs until job has finished.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `service_capabilities` (String) Desired service capabilities as part of vpc offering.
- `service_offering` (String) The name or ID of the service offering for the VPC router appliance.
- `service_providers` (String) provider to service mapping. If not specified, the provider for the service will be mapped to the default provider on the physical network
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the vpc offering.
- `supported_services` (String) Services supported by the vpc offering
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `distributed` (Boolean) Indicates if the vpc offering supports distributed router for one-hop forwarding.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether VPC offering is the default offering or not.
- `region_level` (Boolean) Indicated if the offering can support region level vpc.
- `service_offering_id` (String) The service offering ID.
