---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_vpn_customer_gateway Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_vpn_customer_gateway (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the gateway.

### Optional

- `account` (String) Account the VPN customer gateway is related to.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cidrs` (String) List of guest CIDRs behind the gateway. Required if *state=present*.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `domain` (String) Domain the VPN customer gateway is related to.
- `dpd` (Boolean) Enable Dead Peer Detection. Disabled per default by the API on creation if not set.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `esp_lifetime` (Number) Lifetime in seconds of phase 2 VPN connection. Defaulted to 3600 by the API on creation if not set.
- `esp_policy` (String) ESP policy in the format e.g. `aes256-sha1;modp1536`. Required if *state=present*.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_encap` (Boolean) Force encapsulation for NAT traversal. Disabled per default by the API on creation if not set.
- `gateway` (String) Public IP address of the gateway. Required if *state=present*.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ike_lifetime` (Number) Lifetime in seconds of phase 1 VPN connection. Defaulted to 86400 by the API on creation if not set.
- `ike_policy` (String) IKE policy in the format e.g. `aes256-sha1;modp1536`. Required if *state=present*.
- `ipsec_psk` (String) IPsec Preshared-Key. Cannot contain newline or double quotes. Required if *state=present*.
- `poll_async` (Boolean) Poll async jobs until job has finished.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) Name of the project the VPN gateway is related to.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the VPN customer gateway.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
