---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_image_store Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_image_store (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The ID of the Image Store. Required when deleting a Image Store.
- `zone` (String) The Zone name for the Image Store.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_recreate` (Boolean) Set to `yes` if you're changing an existing Image Store. This will force the recreation of the Image Store. Recreation might fail if there are snapshots present on the Image Store. Delete them before running the recreation.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `provider` (String) The image store provider name. Required when creating a new Image Store
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Stage of the Image Store
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) The URL for the Image Store. Required when *state=present*.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `protocol` (String) the protocol of the image store
- `provider_name` (String) the provider name of the image store
- `scope` (String) the scope of the image store
