---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_zone Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_zone (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the zone.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dhcp_provider` (String) DHCP provider for the Zone.
- `dns1` (String) First DNS for the zone. Required if *state=present*
- `dns1_ipv6` (String) First DNS for IPv6 for the zone.
- `dns2` (String) Second DNS for the zone.
- `dns2_ipv6` (String) Second DNS for IPv6 for the zone.
- `domain` (String) Domain the zone is related to. Zone is a public zone if not set.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `guest_cidr_address` (String) Guest CIDR address for the zone.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `internal_dns1` (String) First internal DNS for the zone. If not set *dns1* will be used on *state=present*.
- `internal_dns2` (String) Second internal DNS for the zone.
- `local_storage_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable local storage for the zone or not..
- `network_domain` (String) Network domain for the zone.
- `network_type` (String) Network type of the zone.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `securitygroups_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the zone is security group enabled or not.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the zone.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `allocation_state` (String) State of the zone.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `zone_token` (String) Zone token
