---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_disk_offering Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ngine_io_cloudstack_disk_offering (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the disk offering.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bytes_read_rate` (Number) Bytes read rate of the disk offering.
- `bytes_write_rate` (Number) Bytes write rate of the disk offering.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `customized` (Boolean) Whether disk offering iops is custom or not.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disk_size` (Number) Size of the disk offering in GB (1GB = 1,073,741,824 bytes).
- `display_offering` (Boolean) An optional field, whether to display the offering to the end user or not.
- `display_text` (String) Display text of the disk offering. If not set, `name` will be used as `display_text` while creating.
- `domain` (String) Domain the disk offering is related to. Public for all domains and subdomains if not set.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hypervisor_snapshot_reserve` (Number) Hypervisor snapshot reserve space as a percent of a volume. Only for managed storage using Xen or VMware.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `iops_max` (Number) Max. iops of the disk offering.
- `iops_min` (Number) Min. iops of the disk offering.
- `iops_read_rate` (Number) IO requests read rate of the disk offering.
- `iops_write_rate` (Number) IO requests write rate of the disk offering.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `provisioning_type` (String) Provisioning type used to create volumes.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the disk offering.
- `storage_tags` (String) The storage tags for this disk offering.
- `storage_type` (String) The storage type of the disk offering.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `created` (String) Date the offering was created
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
