---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_baremetal_node Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_baremetal_node (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `driver_info` (String) Information for this node's driver. Will vary based on which driver is in use. Any sub-field which is populated will be validated during creation. For compatibility reasons sub-fields `power`, `deploy`, `management` and `console` are flattened.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `nics` (String) A list of network interface cards, eg, ` - mac: aa:bb:cc:aa:bb:cc` This node attribute cannot be updated.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bios_interface` (String) The bios interface for this node, e.g. `no-bios`.
- `boot_interface` (String) The boot interface for this node, e.g. `pxe`.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chassis_id` (String) Associate the node with a pre-defined chassis.
- `console_interface` (String) The console interface for this node, e.g. `no-console`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deploy_interface` (String) The deploy interface for this node, e.g. `iscsi`.
- `driver` (String) The name of the Ironic Driver to use with this node. Required when *state* is `present`
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `inspect_interface` (String) The interface used for node inspection, e.g. `no-inspect`.
- `management_interface` (String) The interface for out-of-band management of this node, e.g. "ipmitool".
- `name` (String) unique name identifier to be given to the resource.
- `network_interface` (String) The network interface provider to use when describing connections for this node.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `power_interface` (String) The interface used to manage power actions on this node, e.g. `ipmitool`.
- `properties` (String) Definition of the physical characteristics of this node Used for scheduling purposes
- `raid_interface` (String) Interface used for configuring raid on this node.
- `rescue_interface` (String) Interface used for node rescue, e.g. `no-rescue`.
- `resource_class` (String) The specific resource type to which this node belongs.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `skip_update_of_masked_password` (Boolean) Deprecated, no longer used. Updating or specifing a password has not been supported for a while.
- `state` (String) Indicates desired state of the resource
- `storage_interface` (String) Interface used for attaching and detaching volumes on this node, e.g. `cinder`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vendor_interface` (String) Interface for all vendor-specific actions on this node, e.g. `no-vendor`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `node` (String) Dictionary describing the Bare Metal node.
