---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_subnet_pool Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_subnet_pool (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name to be give to the subnet pool. This attribute cannot be updated.

### Optional

- `address_scope` (String) ID or name of the address scope associated with this subnet pool.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `default_prefix_length` (Number) The prefix length to allocate when the cidr or prefixlen attributes are omitted when creating a subnet.
- `default_quota` (Number) A per-project quota on the prefix space that can be allocated from the subnet pool for project subnets.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The subnet pool description.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `extra_specs` (String) Dictionary with extra key/value pairs passed to the API.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether this subnet pool is the default.
- `is_shared` (Boolean) Whether this subnet pool is shared or not. This attribute cannot be updated.
- `maximum_prefix_length` (Number) The maximum prefix length that can be allocated from the subnet pool.
- `minimum_prefix_length` (Number) The minimum prefix length that can be allocated from the subnet pool.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prefixes` (String) Subnet pool prefixes in CIDR notation.
- `project` (String) Name or ID of the project.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the subnet pool should be `present` or `absent`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `subnet_pool` (String) Dictionary describing the subnet pool.
