---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_compute_flavor Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_compute_flavor (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Flavor name.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the flavor.
- `disk` (Number) Size of local disk, in GB. Required when *state* is `present`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `ephemeral` (Number) Ephemeral space size, in GB.
- `extra_specs` (String) Metadata dictionary
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_public` (Boolean) Make flavor accessible to the public.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `ram` (Number) Amount of memory, in MB. Required when *state* is `present`.
- `rxtx_factor` (Number) RX/TX factor.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicate desired state of the resource. When *state* is `present`, then *ram*, *vcpus*, and *disk* are required. There are no default values for those parameters.
- `swap` (Number) Swap space size, in MB.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vcpus` (Number) Number of virtual CPUs. Required when *state* is `present`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `flavor` (String) Dictionary describing the flavor.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
