---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_lb_health_monitor Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_lb_health_monitor (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name that has to be given to the health monitor. This attribute cannot be updated.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delay` (Number) The interval, in seconds, between health checks. Required when *state* is `present`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `expected_codes` (String) The list of HTTP status codes expected in response from the member to declare it healthy. Specify one of the following values. For example, *expected_codes* could be a single value, such as `200`, a list, such as `200, 202` or a range, such as `200-204`. Octavia's default for *expected_codes* is `200`.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `health_monitor_timeout` (Number) The time, in seconds, after which a health check times out. Must be less than *delay*. Required when *state* is `present`.
- `http_method` (String) The HTTP method that the health monitor uses for requests. For example, *http_method* could be `CONNECT`, `DELETE`, `GET`, `HEAD`, `OPTIONS`, `PATCH`, `POST`, `PUT`, or `TRACE`. Octavia's default for *http_method* is `GET`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_admin_state_up` (Boolean) Whether the health monitor is up or down.
- `max_retries` (Number) The number of successful checks before changing the operating status of the member to ONLINE. Required when *state* is `present`.
- `max_retries_down` (Number) The number of allowed check failures before changing the operating status of the member to ERROR. A valid value is from 1 to 10.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pool` (String) The pool name or id to monitor by the health monitor. Required when *state* is `present`. This attribute cannot be updated.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the resource be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The type of health monitor. For example, *type* could be `HTTP`, `HTTPS`, `PING`, `SCTP`, `TCP`, `TLS-HELLO` or `UDP-CONNECT`. This attribute cannot be updated.
- `url_path` (String) The HTTP URL path of the request sent by the monitor to test the health of a backend member. Must be a string that begins with a forward slash (`/`). Octavia's default URL path is `/`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `health_monitor` (String) Dictionary describing the load-balancer health monitor.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
