---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_security_group_rule_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_security_group_rule_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Filter the list result by the human-readable description of the resource.
- `direction` (String) Filter the security group rule list result by the direction in which the security group rule is applied.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `ether_type` (String) Filter the security group rule list result by the ether_type of network traffic. The value must be IPv4 or IPv6.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port_range_max` (Number) Ending port
- `port_range_min` (Number) Starting port
- `project` (String) Unique name or ID of the project.
- `protocol` (String) Filter the security group rule list result by the IP protocol.
- `remote_group` (String) Filter the security group rule list result by the name or ID of the remote group that associates with this security group rule.
- `remote_ip_prefix` (String) Source IP address(es) in CIDR notation (exclusive with remote_group)
- `revision_number` (Number) Filter the list result by the revision number of the resource.
- `security_group` (String) Name or ID of the security group
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `security_group_rules` (String) List of dictionaries describing security group rules.
