---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_baremetal_port Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_baremetal_port (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `address` (String) Physical hardware address of this network Port, typically the hardware MAC address.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `extra` (String) A set of one or more arbitrary metadata key and value pairs.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_pxe_enabled` (Boolean) Whether PXE should be enabled or disabled on the Port.
- `local_link_connection` (String) The Port binding profile.
- `node` (String) ID or Name of the Node this resource belongs to.
- `physical_network` (String) The name of the physical network to which a port is connected.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port_group` (String) ID or Name of the portgroup this resource belongs to.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicates desired state of the resource
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `port` (String) A port dictionary, subset of the dictionary keys listed below may be returned, depending on your cloud provider.
