---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_volume Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_volume (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of volume

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `availability_zone` (String) The availability zone.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) String describing the volume
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `image` (String) Image name or id for boot from volume Mutually exclusive with *snapshot* and *volume*
- `is_bootable` (Boolean) Bootable flag for volume.
- `is_multiattach` (Boolean) Whether volume will be sharable or not. To enable this volume to attach to more than one server, set *is_multiattach* to `true`. Note that support for multiattach volumes depends on the volume type being used. Cinder's default for *is_multiattach* is `false`.
- `metadata` (String) Metadata for the volume
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `scheduler_hints` (String) Scheduler hints passed to volume API in form of dict
- `size` (Number) Size of volume in GB. This parameter is required when the *state* parameter is 'present'.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot` (String) Volume snapshot name or id to create from Mutually exclusive with *image* and *volume*
- `state` (String) Should the resource be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `volume` (String) Volume name or id to create from Mutually exclusive with *image* and *snapshot*
- `volume_type` (String) Volume type for volume

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
