---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_lb_pool Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_lb_pool (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name that has to be given to the pool. This attribute cannot be updated.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A human-readable description for the load-balancer pool.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lb_algorithm` (String) The load balancing algorithm for the pool. For example, *lb_algorithm* could be `LEAST_CONNECTIONS`, `ROUND_ROBIN`, `SOURCE_IP` or `SOURCE_IP_PORT`.
- `listener` (String) The name or id of the listener that this pool belongs to. Either *listener* or *loadbalancer* must be specified for pool creation. This attribute cannot be updated.
- `loadbalancer` (String) The name or id of the load balancer that this pool belongs to. Either *listener* or *loadbalancer* must be specified for pool creation. This attribute cannot be updated.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol for the pool. For example, *protocol* could be `HTTP`, `HTTPS`, `PROXY`, `PROXYV2`, `SCTP`, `TCP` and `UDP`. This attribute cannot be updated.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the resource be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `pool` (String) Dictionary describing the load-balancer pool.
