---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_identity_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_identity_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the user. *name* cannot be updated without deleting and re-creating the user.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `default_project` (String) Name or ID of the project, the user should be created in.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description about the user.
- `domain` (String) Domain to create the user in if the cloud supports domains.
- `email` (String) Email address for the user.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the user is enabled or not.
- `password` (String) Password for the user.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the resource be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_password` (String) When *update_password* is `always`, then the password will always be updated. When *update_password* is `on_create`, then the password is only set when creating a user.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `user` (String) Dictionary describing the identity user.
