---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_security_group Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_security_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name that has to be given to the security group. This module requires that security group names be unique.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Long description of the purpose of the security group.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `project` (String) Unique name or ID of the project.
- `security_group_rules` (String) List of security group rules. When *security_group_rules* is not defined, Neutron might create this security group with a default set of rules. Security group rules which are listed in *security_group_rules* but not defined in this security group will be created. When *security_group_rules* is not set, existing security group rules which are not listed in *security_group_rules* will be deleted. When updating a security group, one has to explicitly list rules from Neutron's defaults in *security_group_rules* if those rules should be kept. Rules which are not listed in *security_group_rules* will be deleted.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the resource be present or absent.
- `stateful` (Boolean) Should the resource be stateful or stateless.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `security_group` (String) Dictionary describing the security group.
