---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_quota Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_quota (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the OpenStack Project to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup_gigabytes` (Number) Maximum size of backups in GB's.
- `backups` (Number) Maximum number of backups allowed.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cores` (Number) Maximum number of CPU's per project.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fixed_ips` (Number) Number of fixed IP's to allow. Available until Nova API version 2.35.
- `floating_ips` (Number) Number of floating IP's to allow.
- `gigabytes` (Number) Maximum volume storage allowed for project.
- `groups` (Number) Number of groups that are allowed for the project
- `health_monitors` (Number) Maximum number of health monitors that can be created.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `injected_file_content_bytes` (Number) Maximum file size in bytes. Available until Nova API version 2.56.
- `injected_file_path_bytes` (Number) Maximum path size. Available until Nova API version 2.56.
- `injected_files` (Number) Number of injected files to allow. Available until Nova API version 2.56.
- `instances` (Number) Maximum number of instances allowed.
- `key_pairs` (Number) Number of key pairs to allow.
- `l7_policies` (Number) The maximum amount of L7 policies you can create.
- `listeners` (Number) The maximum number of listeners you can create.
- `load_balancers` (Number) The maximum amount of load balancers you can create
- `members` (Number) Number of members allowed for loadbalancer.
- `metadata_items` (Number) Number of metadata items allowed per instance.
- `networks` (Number) Number of networks to allow.
- `per_volume_gigabytes` (Number) Maximum size in GB's of individual volumes.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `pools` (Number) The maximum number of pools you can create
- `ports` (Number) Number of Network ports to allow, this needs to be greater than the instances limit.
- `ram` (Number) Maximum amount of ram in MB to allow.
- `rbac_policies` (Number) Number of policies to allow.
- `routers` (Number) Number of routers to allow.
- `security_group_rules` (Number) Number of rules per security group to allow.
- `security_groups` (Number) Number of security groups to allow.
- `server_group_members` (Number) Number of server group members to allow.
- `server_groups` (Number) Number of server groups to allow.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshots` (Number) Number of snapshots to allow.
- `state` (String) A value of `present` sets the quota and a value of `absent` resets the quota to defaults.
- `subnet_pools` (Number) Number of subnet pools to allow.
- `subnets` (Number) Number of subnets to allow.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `volumes` (Number) Number of volumes to allow.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `quotas` (String) Dictionary describing the project quota.
