---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_server Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_server (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name that has to be given to the instance. It is also possible to specify the ID of the instance instead of its name if *state* is *absent*. This server attribute cannot be updated.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_ip` (Boolean) Ensure instance has public ip however the cloud wants to do that. For example, the cloud could add a floating ip for the server or attach the server to a public network. Requires *wait* to be `True` during server creation. Floating IP support is unstable in this module, use with caution. Options *auto_ip*, *floating_ip_pools* and *floating_ips* interact in non-obvious ways and undocumentable depth. For explicit and safe attaching and detaching of floating ip addresses use module *openstack.cloud.resource* instead.
- `availability_zone` (String) Availability zone in which to create the server. This server attribute cannot be updated.
- `boot_from_volume` (Boolean) Should the instance boot from a persistent volume created based on the image given. Mutually exclusive with boot_volume. This server attribute cannot be updated.
- `boot_volume` (String) Volume name or id to use as the volume to boot from. Implies boot_from_volume. Mutually exclusive with image and boot_from_volume. This server attribute cannot be updated.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config_drive` (Boolean) Whether to boot the server with config drive enabled. This server attribute cannot be updated.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_ips` (Boolean) When *state* is `absent` and this option is true, any floating IP address associated with this server will be deleted along with it. Floating IP support is unstable in this module, use with caution.
- `description` (String) Description of the server.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `flavor` (String) The name or id of the flavor in which the new instance has to be created. Exactly one of *flavor* and *flavor_ram* must be defined when *state=present*. This server attribute cannot be updated.
- `flavor_include` (String) Text to use to filter flavor names, for the case, such as Rackspace, where there are multiple flavors that have the same ram count. flavor_include is a positive match filter - it must exist in the flavor name. This server attribute cannot be updated.
- `flavor_ram` (Number) The minimum amount of ram in MB that the flavor in which the new instance has to be created must have. Exactly one of *flavor* and *flavor_ram* must be defined when *state=present*. This server attribute cannot be updated.
- `floating_ip_pools` (String) Name of floating IP pool from which to choose a floating IP. Requires *wait* to be `True` during server creation. Floating IP support is unstable in this module, use with caution. Options *auto_ip*, *floating_ip_pools* and *floating_ips* interact in non-obvious ways and undocumentable depth. For explicit and safe attaching and detaching of floating ip addresses use module *openstack.cloud.resource* instead.
- `floating_ips` (String) list of valid floating IPs that pre-exist to assign to this node. Requires *wait* to be `True` during server creation. Floating IP support is unstable in this module, use with caution. Options *auto_ip*, *floating_ip_pools* and *floating_ips* interact in non-obvious ways and undocumentable depth. For explicit and safe attaching and detaching of floating ip addresses use module *openstack.cloud.resource* instead.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `image` (String) The name or id of the base image to boot. Required when *boot_from_volume=true*. This server attribute cannot be updated.
- `image_exclude` (String) Text to use to filter image names, for the case, such as HP, where there are multiple image names matching the common identifying portions. image_exclude is a negative match filter - it is text that may not exist in the image name. This server attribute cannot be updated.
- `key_name` (String) The key pair name to be used when creating a instance. This server attribute cannot be updated.
- `metadata` (String) A list of key value pairs that should be provided as a metadata to the new instance or a string containing a list of key-value pairs. Example:  metadata: "key1=value1,key2=value2"
- `network` (String) Name or ID of a network to attach this instance to. A simpler version of the *nics* parameter, only one of *network* or *nics* should be supplied. This server attribute cannot be updated.
- `nics` (String) A list of networks to which the instance's interface should be attached. Networks may be referenced by net-id/net-name/port-id or port-name. Also this accepts a string containing a list of (net/port)-(id/name) Example: `nics: "net-id=uuid-1,port-name=myport"` Only one of *network* or *nics* should be supplied. This server attribute cannot be updated.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `reuse_ips` (Boolean) When *auto_ip* is true and this option is true, the *auto_ip* code will attempt to re-use unassigned floating ips in the project before creating a new one. It is important to note that it is impossible to safely do this concurrently, so if your use case involves concurrent server creation, it is highly recommended to set this to false and to delete the floating ip associated with a server when the server is deleted using *delete_ips*. Floating IP support is unstable in this module, use with caution. This server attribute cannot be updated.
- `scheduler_hints` (String) Arbitrary key/value pairs to the scheduler for custom use. This server attribute cannot be updated.
- `security_groups` (String) Names or IDs of the security groups to which the instance should be added. On server creation, if *security_groups* is omitted, the API creates the server in the default security group. Requested security groups are not applied to pre-existing ports.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the resource be `present` or `absent`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `terminate_volume` (Boolean) If `true`, delete volume when deleting the instance and if it has been booted from volume(s). This server attribute cannot be updated.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `userdata` (String) Opaque blob of data which is made available to the instance. This server attribute cannot be updated.
- `volume_size` (Number) The size of the volume to create in GB if booting from volume based on an image. This server attribute cannot be updated.
- `volumes` (String) A list of preexisting volumes names or ids to attach to the instance This server attribute cannot be updated.
- `wait` (Boolean) If the module should wait for the instance to be created.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `server` (String) Dictionary describing the server.
