---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_compute_flavor_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_compute_flavor_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `ephemeral` (String) Filter flavors based on the amount of ephemeral storage. *ephemeral* supports same format as *ram* option.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `limit` (Number) Limits number of flavors to *limit* results. By default all matching flavors are returned.
- `name` (String) Flavor name.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `ram` (String) A string used for filtering flavors based on the amount of RAM (in MB) desired. This string accepts the following special values: 'MIN' (return flavors with the minimum amount of RAM), and 'MAX' (return flavors with the maximum amount of RAM). A specific amount of RAM may also be specified. Any flavors with this exact amount of RAM will be returned. A range of acceptable RAM may be given using a special syntax. Simply prefix the amount of RAM with one of these acceptable range values: '<', '>', '<=', '>='. These values represent less than, greater than, less than or equal to, and greater than or equal to, respectively.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vcpus` (String) Filter flavors based on the number of virtual CPUs. *vcpus* supports same format as *ram* option.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `flavors` (String) List of dictionaries describing the compute flavors.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
