---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_network Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_network (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name to be assigned to the network.

### Optional

- `admin_state_up` (Boolean) Whether the state should be marked as up or down.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dns_domain` (String) The DNS domain value to set. Network will use Openstack defaults if this option is not provided.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `external` (Boolean) Whether this network is externally accessible.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether this network is default network or not. This is only effective with external networks.
- `is_vlan_transparent` (Boolean) Whether this network is vlan_transparent or not.
- `mtu` (Number) The maximum transmission unit (MTU) value to address fragmentation. Network will use OpenStack defaults if this option is not provided.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port_security_enabled` (Boolean) Whether port security is enabled on the network or not. Network will use OpenStack defaults if this option is not utilised.
- `project` (String) Project name or ID containing the network (name admin-only)
- `provider_network_type` (String) The type of physical network that maps to this network resource.
- `provider_physical_network` (String) The physical network where this network object is implemented.
- `provider_segmentation_id` (Number) An isolated segment on the physical network. The *network_type* attribute defines the segmentation model. For example, if the *network_type* value is vlan, this ID is a vlan identifier. If the *network_type* value is gre, this ID is a gre key.
- `shared` (Boolean) Whether this network is shared or not.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicate desired state of the resource.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `network` (String) Dictionary describing the network.
