---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_lb_listener Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_lb_listener (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name that has to be given to the listener. This attribute cannot be updated.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `default_tls_container_ref` (String) A URI to a key manager service secrets container with TLS secrets.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A human-readable description for the load-balancer listener.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_admin_state_up` (Boolean) The administrative state of the listener, which is up or down.
- `load_balancer` (String) The name or id of the load-balancer that this listener belongs to. Required when *state* is `present`. This attribute cannot be updated.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol for the listener. For example, *protocol* could be `HTTP`, `HTTPS`, `TCP`, `TERMINATED_HTTPS`, `UDP`, `SCTP` or `PROMETHEUS`. This attribute cannot be updated.
- `protocol_port` (Number) The protocol port number for the listener. This attribute cannot be updated.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sni_container_refs` (String) A list of URIs to the key manager service secrets containers with TLS secrets.
- `state` (String) Should the resource be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timeout_client_data` (Number) Client inactivity timeout in milliseconds.
- `timeout_member_data` (Number) Member inactivity timeout in milliseconds.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `listener` (String) Dictionary describing the listener.
