---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_coe_cluster Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_coe_cluster (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name that has to be given to the cluster template.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster_template_id` (String) The template ID of cluster template. Required if *state* is `present`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `discovery_url` (String) URL used for cluster node discovery.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `flavor_id` (String) The flavor of the minion node for this cluster template.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `is_floating_ip_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether created cluster should have a floating ip. Whether enable or not using the floating IP of cloud provider. Some cloud providers used floating IP, some used public IP, thus Magnum provide this option for specifying the choice of using floating IP. If not set, the value of *is_floating_ip_enabled* of the cluster template specified with *cluster_template_id* will be used. When *is_floating_ip_enabled* is set to `true`, then *external_network_id* in cluster template must be defined.
- `keypair` (String) Name of the keypair to use.
- `labels` (String) One or more key/value pairs.
- `master_count` (Number) The number of master nodes for this cluster. Magnum's default value for *master_count* is 1.
- `master_flavor_id` (String) The flavor of the master node for this cluster template.
- `node_count` (Number) The number of nodes for this cluster. Magnum's default value for *node_count* is 1.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicate desired state of the resource.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cluster` (String) Dictionary describing the cluster.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
