---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_baremetal_node_action Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_baremetal_node_action (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name or ID of the Bare Metal node.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config_drive` (String) A configdrive file or HTT`S` URL that will be passed along to the node.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `deploy` (Boolean) Indicates if the resource should be deployed. Allows for deployment logic to be disengaged and control of the node power or maintenance state to be changed.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `instance_info` (String) Definition of the instance information which is used to deploy the node.  This information is only required when *state* is set to `present` or `on`.
- `maintenance` (Boolean) Set node into maintenance mode. The power state as controlled with *power* will not be changed when maintenance mode of a node is changed.
- `maintenance_reason` (String) A string expression regarding the reason a node is in a maintenance mode.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `power` (String) A setting to allow power state to be asserted allowing nodes that are not yet deployed to be powered on, and nodes that are deployed to be powered off. *power* can be `present`, `absent`, `maintenance`, `on` or `off`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicates desired state of the resource. *state* can be `present`, `absent`, `maintenance`, `on` or `off`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
