---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_floating_ip Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_floating_ip (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `server` (String) The name or ID of the server to which the IP address should be assigned.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fixed_address` (String) To which fixed IP of server the floating IP address should be attached to.
- `floating_ip_address` (String) A floating IP address to attach or to detach. When *state* is present can be used to specify a IP address to attach. *floating_ip_address* requires *network* to be set.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `nat_destination` (String) The name or id of a neutron private network that the fixed IP to attach floating IP is on
- `network` (String) The name or ID of a neutron external network or a nova pool name.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `purge` (Boolean) When *state* is absent, indicates whether or not to delete the floating IP completely, or only detach it from the server. Default is to detach only.
- `reuse` (Boolean) When *state* is present, and *floating_ip_address* is not present, this parameter can be used to specify whether we should try to reuse a floating IP address already allocated to the project. When *reuse* is `true`, *network* is defined and *floating_ip_address* is undefined, then `nat_destination` and `fixed_address` will be ignored.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the resource be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `floating_ip` (String) Dictionary describing the floating ip address.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
