---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_image Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_image (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the image when uploading - or the name/ID of the image if deleting. If provided with the id, it can be used to change the name of existing image.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `checksum` (String) The checksum of the image.
- `container_format` (String) The format of the container. This image attribute cannot be changed. Examples are `ami`, `aki`, `ari`, `bare`, `ovf`, `ova` or `docker`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disk_format` (String) The format of the disk that is getting uploaded. This image attribute cannot be changed. Examples are `ami`, `ari`, `aki`, `vhd`, `vmdk`, `raw`, `qcow2`, `vdi`, c(iso), `vhdx` or `ploop`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filename` (String) The path to the file which has to be uploaded. This image attribute cannot be changed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `import_method` (String) Method to use for importing the image. Not all deployments support all methods. Supports web-download or glance-download. copy-image is not supported with create actions. glance-direct is removed from the import method so use_import can be used in that case.
- `is_protected` (Boolean) Prevent image from being deleted.
- `is_public` (Boolean) Whether the image can be accessed publicly. Setting *is_public* to `true` requires admin role by default. *is_public* has been deprecated. Use *visibility* instead of *is_public*.
- `kernel` (String) The name of an existing kernel image that will be associated with this image.
- `min_disk` (Number) The minimum disk space (in GB) required to boot this image.
- `min_ram` (Number) The minimum ram (in MB) required to boot this image.
- `owner` (String) The name or ID of the project owning the image.
- `owner_domain` (String) The name or id of the domain the project owning the image belongs to. May be used to identify a unique project when providing a name to the project argument and multiple projects with such name exist.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `properties` (String) Additional properties to be associated with this image.
- `ramdisk` (String) The name of an existing ramdisk image that will be associated with this image.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the resource be present, absent or inactive.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uri` (String) Required only if using the web-download import method. This url is where the data is made available to the Image service.
- `use_import` (Boolean) Use the 'glance-direct' method of the interoperable image import mechanism. Should only be used when needed, such as when the user needs the cloud to transform image format.
- `visibility` (String) The image visibility.
- `volume` (String) ID of a volume to create an image from. The volume must be in AVAILABLE state. *volume* has been deprecated. Use module `openstack.cloud.volume` instead.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `image` (String) Dictionary describing the Glance image.
