---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_lb_member Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_lb_member (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name that has to be given to the member.
- `pool` (String) The name or id of the pool that this member belongs to. This attribute cannot be updated.

### Optional

- `address` (String) The IP address of the member. Required when *state* is `present`. This attribute cannot be updated.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `monitor_address` (String) IP address used to monitor this member.
- `monitor_port` (Number) Port used to monitor this member.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `protocol_port` (Number) The protocol port number for the member. Required when *state* is `present`. This attribute cannot be updated.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the resource be `present` or `absent`.
- `subnet_id` (String) The subnet ID the member service is accessible from. This attribute cannot be updated.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `weight` (Number) The weight of a member determines the portion of requests or connections it services compared to the other members of the pool. For example, a member with a weight of 10 receives five times as many requests as a member with a weight of 2. A value of 0 means the member does not receive new connections but continues to service existing connections. A valid value is from 0 to 256. Octavia's default for *weight* is `1`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `member` (String) Dictionary describing the load-balancer pool member.
