---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_coe_cluster_template Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_coe_cluster_template (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name that has to be given to the cluster template.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `coe` (String) The Container Orchestration Engine for this cluster template Required if *state* is `present`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dns_nameserver` (String) The DNS nameserver address. Magnum's default value for *dns_nameserver* is `8.8.8.8`.
- `docker_storage_driver` (String) Docker storage driver.
- `docker_volume_size` (Number) The size in GB of the docker volume.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `external_network_id` (String) The external network to attach to the cluster. When *is_floating_ip_enabled* is set to `true`, then *external_network_id* must be defined.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fixed_network` (String) The fixed network name or id to attach to the cluster.
- `fixed_subnet` (String) The fixed subnet name or id to attach to the cluster.
- `flavor_id` (String) The flavor of the minion node for this cluster template.
- `http_proxy` (String) Address of a proxy that will receive all HTTP requests and relay them. The format is a URL including a port number.
- `https_proxy` (String) Address of a proxy that will receive all HTTPS requests and relay them. The format is a URL including a port number.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `image_id` (String) Image id the cluster will be based on. Required if *state* is `present`.
- `insecure_registry` (String) The URL pointing to users own private insecure docker registry.
- `is_floating_ip_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether created clusters should have a floating ip or not. When *is_floating_ip_enabled* is set to `true`, then *external_network_id* must be defined.
- `is_master_lb_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether created clusters should have a load balancer for master nodes or not. Magnum's default value for *is_master_lb_enabled* is `true`, ours is `false`.
- `is_public` (Boolean) Indicates whether the cluster template is public or not. Magnum's default value for *is_public* is `false`.
- `is_registry_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the docker registry is enabled. Magnum's default value for *is_registry_enabled* is `false`.
- `is_tls_disabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the TLS should be disabled. Magnum's default value for *is_tls_disabled* is `false`.
- `keypair_id` (String) Name or ID of the keypair to use.
- `labels` (String) One or more key/value pairs.
- `master_flavor_id` (String) The flavor of the master node for this cluster template.
- `network_driver` (String) The name of the driver used for instantiating container networks.
- `no_proxy` (String) A comma separated list of IPs for which proxies should not be used in the cluster.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `server_type` (String) Server type for this cluster template. Magnum's default value for *server_type* is `vm`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Indicate desired state of the resource.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `volume_driver` (String) The name of the driver used for instantiating container volumes.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cluster_template` (String) Dictionary describing the template.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
