---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_loadbalancer Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_loadbalancer (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the load balancer. This attribute cannot be updated.

### Optional

- `assign_floating_ip` (Boolean) Allocate floating ip address and associate with the VIP automatically. Deprecated, use `openstack.cloud.floating_ip` instead.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_floating_ip` (Boolean) When *state* is `present` and *delete_floating_ip* is `true`, then any floating ip address associated with the VIP will be deleted. When *state* is `absent` and *delete_floating_ip* is `true`, then any floating ip address associated with the VIP will be deleted along with the load balancer. Deprecated, use `openstack.cloud.floating_ip` instead.
- `description` (String) A human-readable description for the load-balancer.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `flavor` (String) The flavor of the load balancer. This attribute cannot be updated.
- `floating_ip_address` (String) Floating ip address aka public ip address associated with the VIP. Deprecated, use `openstack.cloud.floating_ip` instead.
- `floating_ip_network` (String) Name or ID of a Neutron external network where floating ip address will be created on. Deprecated, use `openstack.cloud.floating_ip` instead.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the resource be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vip_address` (String) IP address of the load balancer virtual IP. This attribute cannot be updated.
- `vip_network` (String) The name or id of the network for the virtual IP of the load balancer. One of *vip_network*, *vip_subnet*, or *vip_port* must be specified for creation. This attribute cannot be updated.
- `vip_port` (String) The name or id of the load balancer virtual IP port. One of One of *vip_network*, *vip_subnet*, or *vip_port* must be specified for creation. This attribute cannot be updated.
- `vip_subnet` (String) The name or id of the subnet for the virtual IP of the load balancer. One of *vip_network*, *vip_subnet*, or *vip_port* must be specified for creation. This attribute cannot be updated.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `floating_ip` (String) Dictionary describing the floating ip address attached to the load-balancer.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `load_balancer` (String) Dictionary describing the load-balancer.
