---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_application_credential Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_application_credential (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the application credential.

### Optional

- `access_rules` (String) List of access rules, each containing a request method, path, and service.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Application credential description.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `expires_at` (String) Sets an expiration date for the application credential, format of YYYY-mm-ddTHH:MM:SS (if not provided, the application credential will not expire).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `roles` (String) Roles to authorize (name or ID).
- `secret` (String) Secret to use for authentication (if not provided, one will be generated).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the resource be present or absent. Application credentials are immutable so running with an existing present credential will result in the credential being deleted and recreated.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unrestricted` (Boolean) Enable application credential to create and delete other application credentials and trusts (this is potentially dangerous behavior and is disabled by default).

### Read-Only

- `application_credential` (String) Dictionary describing the project.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cloud` (String) The current cloud config with the username and password replaced with the name and secret of the application credential. This can be passed to the cloud parameter of other tasks, or written to an openstack cloud config file.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
