---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_openstack_cloud_object_container Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_openstack_cloud_object_container (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name (and ID) of a Swift container.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_metadata_keys` (String) Keys from *metadata* to be deleted. *metadata* has precedence over *delete_metadata_keys*: If any key is present in both options, then it will be created or updated, not deleted. Metadata keys are case-insensitive.
- `delete_with_all_objects` (Boolean) Whether the container should be deleted recursively, i.e. including all of its objects. If *delete_with_all_objects* is set to `false`, an attempt to delete a container which contains objects will fail.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `metadata` (String) Key value pairs to be set as metadata on the container. Both custom and system metadata can be set. Custom metadata are keys and values defined by the user. *metadata* is the same as setting properties in openstackclient with `openstack container set --property ...`. Metadata keys are case-insensitive.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `read_ACL` (String) The ACL that grants read access. For example, use `.r:*,.rlistings` for public access and `''` for private access.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the object should be `present` or `absent`.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `write_ACL` (String) The ACL that grants write access.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `container` (String) Dictionary describing the Swift container.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
