---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_qos Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_qos (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cpu_limit` (Number) The maximum processing capability in %. Used to configure computing resources.
- `data_center` (String) Name of the data center where the QoS entry should be created.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the QoS.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `inbound_average` (Number) The desired average inbound bit rate in Mbps (Megabits per sec). Used to configure virtual machines networks. If defined, `inbound_peak` and `inbound_burst` also has to be set. See link:https://libvirt.org/formatnetwork.html#elementQoS[Libvirt-QOS] for further details.
- `inbound_burst` (Number) The amount of data that can be delivered in a single burst, in MB. Used to configure virtual machine networks. If defined, `inbound_average` and `inbound_peak` must also be set. See link:https://libvirt.org/formatnetwork.html#elementQoS[Libvirt-QOS] for further details.
- `inbound_peak` (Number) The maximum inbound rate in Mbps (Megabits per sec). Used to configure virtual machines networks. If defined, `inbound_average` and `inbound_burst` also has to be set. See link:https://libvirt.org/formatnetwork.html#elementQoS[Libvirt-QOS] for further details.
- `max_iops` (Number) The max number of read/write iops. If passed you can't pass a value for `read_iops` or `write_iops` If no value is given it will default to the HE value, assuming `read_iops` or `write_iops` hasn't been set
- `max_throughput` (Number) The max number of read/write throughput. If passed you can't pass a value for `read_throughput` or `write_throughput` If no value is given it will default to the HE value, assuming `read_throughput` or `write_throughput` hasn't been set
- `name` (String) Name of QoS to manage. Either `id` or `name`/`alias` is required.
- `outbound_average` (Number) The desired average outbound bit rate in Mbps (Megabits per sec). Used to configure virtual machines networks. If defined, `outbound_peak` and `outbound_burst` also has to be set. See link:https://libvirt.org/formatnetwork.html#elementQoS[Libvirt-QOS] for further details.
- `outbound_average_linkshare` (Number) Weighted share. Used to configure host networks. Signifies how much of the logical link's capacity a specific network should be allocated, relative to the other networks attached to the same logical link. The exact share depends on the sum of shares of all networks on that link. By default this is a number in the range 1-100.
- `outbound_average_realtime` (Number) The committed rate in Mbps (Megabits per sec). Used to configure host networks. The minimum bandwidth required by a network. The committed rate requested is not guaranteed and will vary depending on the network infrastructure and the committed rate requested by other networks on the same logical link.
- `outbound_average_upperlimit` (Number) The maximum bandwidth to be used by a network in Mbps (Megabits per sec). Used to configure host networks. If `outboundAverageUpperlimit` and `outbound_average_realtime` are provided, the `outbound_averageUpperlimit` must not be lower than the `outbound_average_realtime`.
- `outbound_burst` (Number) The amount of data that can be sent in a single burst, in MB. Used to configure virtual machine networks. If defined, `outbound_average` and `outbound_peak` must also be set. See link:https://libvirt.org/formatnetwork.html#elementQoS[Libvirt-QOS] for further details.
- `outbound_peak` (Number) The maximum outbound rate in Mbps (Megabits per sec). Used to configure virtual machines networks. If defined, `outbound_average` and `outbound_burst` also has to be set. See link:https://libvirt.org/formatnetwork.html#elementQoS[Libvirt-QOS] for further details.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `read_iops` (Number) The max number of read iops. If passed you can't pass a value for `max_iops` If no value is given it will default to the HE value, assuming `max_iops` hasn't been set
- `read_throughput` (Number) The max number of read throughput. If passed you can't pass a value for `max_throughput` If no value is given it will default to the HE value, assuming `max_throughput` hasn't been set
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the QoS be present/absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The type of QoS.
- `write_iops` (Number) The max number of write iops. If passed you can't pass a value for `max_iops` If no value is given it will default to the HE value, assuming `max_iops` hasn't been set
- `write_throughput` (Number) The max number of write throughput. If passed you can't pass a value for `max_throughput` If no value is given it will default to the HE value, assuming `max_throughput` hasn't been set

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `qos` (String) Dictionary of all the QoS attributes. QoS attributes can be found on your ovirt instance at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/qos.
