---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_template Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_template (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `allow_partial_import` (Boolean) Boolean indication whether to allow partial registration of a template when `state` is registered.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `ballooning_enabled` (Boolean) If *true*, use memory ballooning. Memory balloon is a guest device, which may be used to re-distribute / reclaim the host memory based on VM needs in a dynamic way. In this way it's possible to create memory over commitment states.
- `bios_type` (String) Set bios type, necessary for some operating systems and secure boot. If no value is passed, default value is set from cluster. NOTE - Supported since oVirt 4.3.
- `boot_menu` (Boolean) *True* enable menu to select boot device, *False* to disable it. By default is chosen by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clone_name` (String) Name for importing Template from storage domain. If not defined, `name` will be used.
- `clone_permissions` (Boolean) If *True* then the permissions of the VM (only the direct ones, not the inherited ones) will be copied to the created template. This parameter is used only when `state` *present*.
- `cloud_init` (String) Dictionary with values for Unix-like Virtual Machine initialization using cloud init.
- `cloud_init_nics` (String) List of dictionaries representing network interfaces to be setup by cloud init. This option is used, when user needs to setup more network interfaces via cloud init. If one network interface is enough, user should use `cloud_init` *nic_** parameters. `cloud_init` *nic_** parameters are merged with `cloud_init_nics` parameters.
- `cluster` (String) Name of the cluster, where template should be created/imported.
- `cluster_mappings` (String) Mapper which maps cluster name between Template's OVF and the destination cluster this Template should be registered to, relevant when `state` is registered. Cluster mapping is described by the following dictionary:
- `cpu_profile` (String) CPU profile to be set to template.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the template.
- `domain_mappings` (String) Mapper which maps aaa domain name between Template's OVF and the destination aaa domain this Template should be registered to, relevant when `state` is registered. The aaa domain mapping is described by the following dictionary:
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `exclusive` (Boolean) When `state` is *exported* this parameter indicates if the existing templates with the same name should be overwritten.
- `export_domain` (String) When `state` is *exported* or *imported* this parameter specifies the name of the export storage domain.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `image_disk` (String) When `state` is *imported* and `image_provider` is used this parameter specifies the name of disk to be imported as template.
- `image_provider` (String) When `state` is *imported* this parameter specifies the name of the image provider to be used.
- `io_threads` (Number) Number of IO threads used by virtual machine. *0* means IO threading disabled.
- `kvm` (String) Dictionary of values to be used to connect to kvm and import a template to oVirt.
- `memory` (String) Amount of memory of the template. Prefix uses IEC 60027-2 standard (for example 1GiB, 1024MiB).
- `memory_guaranteed` (String) Amount of minimal guaranteed memory of the template. Prefix uses IEC 60027-2 standard (for example 1GiB, 1024MiB). `memory_guaranteed` parameter can't be lower than `memory` parameter.
- `memory_max` (String) Upper bound of template memory up to which memory hot-plug can be performed. Prefix uses IEC 60027-2 standard (for example 1GiB, 1024MiB).
- `name` (String) Name of the template to manage.
- `nics` (String) List of NICs, which should be attached to Virtual Machine. NIC is described by following dictionary.
- `operating_system` (String) Operating system of the template, for example 'rhel_8x64'. Default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine. Use the `ovirt.ovirt.ovirt_vm_os_info` module to obtain the current list.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `role_mappings` (String) Mapper which maps role name between Template's OVF and the destination role this Template should be registered to, relevant when `state` is registered. Role mapping is described by the following dictionary:
- `seal` (Boolean) 'Sealing' is an operation that erases all machine-specific configurations from a filesystem: This includes SSH keys, UDEV rules, MAC addresses, system ID, hostname, etc. If *true* subsequent virtual machines made from this template will avoid configuration inheritance. This parameter is used only when `state` *present*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `smartcard_enabled` (Boolean) If *true*, use smart card authentication.
- `soundcard_enabled` (Boolean) If *true*, the sound card is added to the virtual machine.
- `sso` (Boolean) *True* enable Single Sign On by Guest Agent, *False* to disable it. By default is chosen by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `state` (String) Should the template be present/absent/exported/imported/registered. When `state` is *registered* and the unregistered template's name belongs to an already registered in engine template in the same DC then we fail to register the unregistered template.
- `storage_domain` (String) When `state` is *imported* this parameter specifies the name of the destination data storage domain. When `state` is *registered* this parameter specifies the name of the data storage domain of the unregistered template.
- `sysprep` (String) Dictionary with values for Windows Virtual Machine initialization using sysprep.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template_image_disk_name` (String) When `state` is *imported* and `image_provider` is used this parameter specifies the new name for imported disk, if omitted then *image_disk* name is used by default. This parameter is used only in case of importing disk image from Glance domain.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timezone` (String) Sets time zone offset of the guest hardware clock. For example `Etc/GMT`
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `usb_support` (Boolean) *True* enable USB support, *False* to disable it. By default is chosen by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `version` (String) `name` - The name of this version. `number` - The index of this version in the versions hierarchy of the template. Used for editing of sub template.
- `vm` (String) Name of the VM, which will be used to create template.
- `vnic_profile_mappings` (String) Mapper which maps an external virtual NIC profile to one that exists in the engine when `state` is registered. vnic_profile is described by the following dictionary:

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `template` (String) Dictionary of all the template attributes. Template attributes can be found on your oVirt/RHV instance at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/template.
