---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_permission_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_permission_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authz_name` (String) Authorization provider of the user/group. In previous versions of oVirt/RHV known as domain.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `follow` (String) List of linked entities, which should be fetched along with the main entity. This parameter replaces usage of `fetch_nested` and `nested_attributes`. All follow parameters can be found at following url: https://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/permission/links_summary
- `group_name` (String) Name of the group to manage.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the authorization provider, where user/group resides.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_name` (String) Username of the user to manage. In most LDAPs it's *uid* of the user, but in Active Directory you must specify *UPN* of the user.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `ovirt_permissions` (String) List of dictionaries describing the permissions. Permission attributes are mapped to dictionary keys, all permissions attributes can be found at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/permission.
