---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_host Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_host (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the host to manage.

### Optional

- `activate` (Boolean) If `state` is *present* activate the host. This parameter is good to disable, when you don't want to change the state of host when using *present* `state`.
- `address` (String) Host address. It can be either FQDN (preferred) or IP address.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `check_upgrade` (Boolean) If *true* and `state` is *upgraded* run check for upgrade action before executing upgrade action.
- `cluster` (String) Name of the cluster, where host should be created.
- `comment` (String) Description of the host.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enroll_certificate` (Boolean) Enrolls the certificate of the host. Useful in case you get a warning that it is about to expire or has already expired. The host must be in maintenance status before enrolling the certificates.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Indicates that the host should be removed even if it is non-responsive, or if it is part of a Gluster Storage cluster and has volume bricks on it. WARNING: It doesn't forcibly remove the host if another host related operation is being executed on the host at the same time.
- `hosted_engine` (String) If *deploy* it means this host should deploy also hosted engine components. If *undeploy* it means this host should un-deploy hosted engine components and this host will not function as part of the High Availability cluster.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `iscsi` (String) If `state` is *iscsidiscover* it means that the iscsi attribute is being used to discover targets If `state` is *iscsilogin* it means that the iscsi attribute is being used to login to the specified targets passed as part of the iscsi attribute
- `kdump_integration` (String) Specify if host will have enabled Kdump integration.
- `kernel_params` (String) List of kernel boot parameters. Following are most common kernel parameters used for host: Hostdev Passthrough & SR-IOV: intel_iommu=on Nested Virtualization: kvm-intel.nested=1 Unsafe Interrupts: vfio_iommu_type1.allow_unsafe_interrupts=1 PCI Reallocation: pci=realloc `Note:` Modifying kernel boot parameters settings can lead to a host boot failure. Please consult the product documentation before doing any changes. Kernel boot parameters changes require host deploy and restart. The host needs to be *reinstalled* successfully and then to be *rebooted* for kernel boot parameters to be applied.
- `override_display` (String) Override the display address of all VMs on this host with specified address.
- `override_iptables` (Boolean) If True host iptables will be overridden by host deploy script. Note that `override_iptables` is *false* by default in oVirt/RHV.
- `password` (String) Password of the root. It's required in case `public_key` is set to *False*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `power_management_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable power management of the host. For more comprehensive setup of PM use `ovirt_host_pm` module.
- `public_key` (Boolean) *True* if the public key should be used to authenticate to host. It's required in case `password` is not set.
- `reboot_after_installation` (Boolean) If *true* reboot host after successful installation. Default value on engine is *true*.
- `reboot_after_upgrade` (Boolean) If *true* and `state` is *upgraded* reboot host after successful upgrade.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `spm_priority` (Number) SPM priority of the host. Integer value from 1 to 10, where higher number means higher priority.
- `ssh_port` (Number) The host SSH port.
- `state` (String) State which should a host to be in after successful completion. *iscsilogin* and *iscsidiscover* are supported since version 2.4. *refreshed* is supported since 3.1.0
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vgpu_placement` (String) If *consolidated*, each vGPU is placed on the first physical card with available space. This is the default placement, utilizing all available space on the physical cards. If *separated*, each vGPU is placed on a separate physical card, if possible. This can be useful for improving vGPU performance.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `host` (String) Dictionary of all the host attributes. Host attributes can be found on your oVirt/RHV instance at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/host.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `iscsi_targets` (String) List of host iscsi targets
