---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_network Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_network (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `data_center` (String) Datacenter name where network reside.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the network to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clusters` (String) List of dictionaries describing how the network is managed in specific cluster.
- `comment` (String) Comment of the network.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the network.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `external_provider` (String) Name of external network provider. At first it tries to import the network when not found it will create network in external provider.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `label` (String) Name of the label to assign to the network.
- `mtu` (Number) Maximum transmission unit (MTU) of the network.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the network be present or absent
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vlan_tag` (Number) Specify VLAN tag. NOTE - To remove the vlan_tag use -1.
- `vm_network` (Boolean) If *True* network will be marked as network for VM. VM network carries traffic relevant to the virtual machine.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `network` (String) Dictionary of all the network attributes. Network attributes can be found on your oVirt/RHV instance at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/network.
