---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_external_provider Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_external_provider (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `type` (String) Type of the external provider.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authentication_keys` (String) List of authentication keys. When you will not pass these keys and there are already some of them defined in the system they will be removed. Applicable for *os_volume*.
- `authentication_url` (String) Keystone authentication URL of the openstack provider. Applicable for those types: *os_image*, *os_volume* and *network*.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `data_center` (String) Name of the data center where provider should be attached. Applicable for those type: *os_volume*.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the external provider.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) Name of the external provider to manage.
- `network_type` (String) Type of the external network provider either external (for example OVN) or neutron. Applicable if `type` is *network*.
- `password` (String) Password of the user specified in `username` parameter. Applicable for all types.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Specify if the network should be read only. Applicable if `type` is *network*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the external be present or absent When you are using absent for *os_volume*, you need to make sure that SD is not attached to the data center!
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tenant_name` (String) Name of the tenant. Applicable for those types: *os_image*, *os_volume* and *network*.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `url` (String) URL where external provider is hosted. Applicable for those types: *os_image*, *os_volume*, *network* and *foreman*.
- `username` (String) Username to be used for login to external provider. Applicable for all types.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `external_host_provider` (String) Dictionary of all the external_host_provider attributes. External provider attributes can be found on your oVirt/RHV instance at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/external_host_provider.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `openstack_image_provider` (String) Dictionary of all the openstack_image_provider attributes. External provider attributes can be found on your oVirt/RHV instance at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/openstack_image_provider.
- `openstack_network_provider` (String) Dictionary of all the openstack_network_provider attributes. External provider attributes can be found on your oVirt/RHV instance at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/openstack_network_provider.
- `openstack_volume_provider` (String) Dictionary of all the openstack_volume_provider attributes. External provider attributes can be found on your oVirt/RHV instance at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/openstack_volume_provider.
