---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_storage_domain Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_storage_domain (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backup` (Boolean) Boolean flag which indicates whether the storage domain is configured as backup or not.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Comment of the storage domain.
- `critical_space_action_blocker` (Number) Indicates the minimal free space the storage domain should contain in percentages.
- `data_center` (String) Data center name where storage domain should be attached. This parameter isn't idempotent, it's not possible to change data center of storage domain.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the storage domain.
- `destroy` (Boolean) Logical remove of the storage domain. If *true* retains the storage domain's data for import. This parameter is relevant only when `state` is *absent*.
- `discard_after_delete` (Boolean) If *True* storage domain blocks will be discarded upon deletion. Enabled by default. This parameter is relevant only for block based storage domains.
- `domain_function` (String) Function of the storage domain. This parameter isn't idempotent, it's not possible to change domain function of storage domain.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fcp` (String) Dictionary with values for fibre channel storage type: Note that these parameters are not idempotent.
- `format` (Boolean) If *True* storage domain will be formatted after removing it from oVirt/RHV. This parameter is relevant only when `state` is *absent*.
- `glusterfs` (String) Dictionary with values for GlusterFS storage type: Note that these parameters are not idempotent.
- `host` (String) Host to be used to mount storage.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `iscsi` (String) Dictionary with values for iSCSI storage type: Note that these parameters are not idempotent.
- `localfs` (String) Dictionary with values for localfs storage type: Note that these parameters are not idempotent.
- `managed_block_storage` (String) Dictionary with values for managed block storage type Note: available from ovirt 4.3
- `name` (String) Name of the storage domain to manage. (Not required when state is *imported*)
- `nfs` (String) Dictionary with values for NFS storage type: Note that these parameters are not idempotent.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `posixfs` (String) Dictionary with values for PosixFS storage type: Note that these parameters are not idempotent.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the storage domain be present/absent/maintenance/unattached/imported/update_ovf_store *imported* is supported since version 2.4. *update_ovf_store* is supported since version 2.5, currently if `wait` is (true), we don't wait for update.
- `storage_format` (String) One of v1, v2, v3, v4, v5 - sets the storage format of the domain.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `warning_low_space` (Number) Indicates the minimum percentage of a free space in a storage domain to present a warning.
- `wipe_after_delete` (Boolean) Boolean flag which indicates whether the storage domain should wipe the data after delete.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `storage_domain` (String) Dictionary of all the storage domain attributes. Storage domain attributes can be found on your oVirt/RHV instance at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/storage_domain.
