---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_permission Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_permission (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authz_name` (String) Authorization provider of the user/group.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `group_name` (String) Name of the group to manage. Note that if group does not exist in the system this module will fail, you should ensure the group exists by using `ovirt.ovirt.ovirt_groups` module.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace of the authorization provider, where user/group resides.
- `object_id` (String) ID of the object where the permissions should be managed.
- `object_name` (String) Name of the object where the permissions should be managed.
- `object_type` (String) The object where the permissions should be managed.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `quota_name` (String) Name of the quota to assign permission. Works only with `object_type` *data_center*.
- `role` (String) Name of the role to be assigned to user/group on specific object.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the permission be present/absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_name` (String) Username of the user to manage. In most LDAPs it's *uid* of the user, but in Active Directory you must specify *UPN* of the user. Note that if user does not exist in the system this module will fail, you should ensure the user exists by using `ovirt.ovirt.ovirt_users` module.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `permission` (String) Dictionary of all the permission attributes. Permission attributes can be found on your oVirt/RHV instance at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/permission.
