---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_host_pm Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_host_pm (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the host to manage.

### Optional

- `address` (String) Address of the power management interface.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encrypt_options` (Boolean) If *true* options will be encrypted when send to agent.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `options` (String) Dictionary of additional fence agent options (including Power Management slot). Additional information about options can be found at https://github.com/ClusterLabs/fence-agents/blob/master/doc/FenceAgentAPI.md.
- `order` (Number) Integer value specifying, by default it's added at the end.
- `password` (String) Password of the user specified in `username` parameter.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) Power management interface port.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the host be present/absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Type of the power management. oVirt/RHV predefined values are *drac5*, *ipmilan*, *rsa*, *bladecenter*, *alom*, *apc*, *apc_snmp*, *eps*, *wti*, *rsb*, *cisco_ucs*, *drac7*, *hpblade*, *ilo*, *ilo2*, *ilo3*, *ilo4*, *ilo_ssh*, but user can have defined custom type.
- `username` (String) Username to be used to connect to power management interface.

### Read-Only

- `agent` (String) Dictionary of all the agent attributes. Agent attributes can be found on your oVirt/RHV instance at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/agent.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
