---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_vmpool Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_vmpool (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the VM pool to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster` (String) Name of the cluster, where VM pool should be created.
- `comment` (String) Comment of the Virtual Machine pool.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the VM pool.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prestarted` (Number) Number of pre-started VMs defines the number of VMs in run state, that are waiting to be attached to Users. Default value is set by engine.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the VM pool be present/absent. Note that when `state` is *absent* all VMs in VM pool are stopped and removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template` (String) Name of the template, which will be used to create VM pool.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Type of the VM pool. Either manual or automatic. `manual` - The administrator is responsible for explicitly returning the virtual machine to the pool. The virtual machine reverts to the original base image after the administrator returns it to the pool. `Automatic` - When the virtual machine is shut down, it automatically reverts to its base image and is returned to the virtual machine pool. Default value is set by engine.
- `vm` (String) For creating vm pool without editing template. Note: You can use `vm` only for creating vm pool.
- `vm_count` (Number) Number of VMs in the pool. Default value is set by engine.
- `vm_per_user` (Number) Maximum number of VMs a single user can attach to from this pool. Default value is set by engine.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vm_pool` (String) Dictionary of all the VM pool attributes. VM pool attributes can be found on your oVirt/RHV instance at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/vm_pool.
