---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_nic Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_nic (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the network interface to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interface` (String) Type of the network interface. For example e1000, pci_passthrough, rtl8139, rtl8139_virtio, spapr_vlan or virtio. It's required parameter when creating the new NIC.
- `linked` (Boolean) Defines if the NIC is linked to the virtual machine.
- `mac_address` (String) Custom MAC address of the network interface, by default it's obtained from MAC pool.
- `network` (String) Logical network to which the VM network interface should use, by default Empty network is used if network is not specified.
- `network_filter_parameters` (String) The list of network filter parameters.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `profile` (String) Virtual network interface profile to be attached to VM network interface. When not specified and network has only single profile it will be auto-selected, otherwise you must specify profile.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the Virtual Machine NIC be present/absent/plugged/unplugged.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template` (String) Name of the template to manage. You must provide either `vm` parameter or `template` parameter.
- `template_version` (Number) Version number of the template.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vm` (String) Name of the Virtual Machine to manage. You must provide either `vm` parameter or `template` parameter.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `nic` (String) Dictionary of all the network interface attributes. Network interface attributes can be found on your oVirt/RHV instance at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/nic.
