---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_quota Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_quota (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `data_center` (String) Name of the datacenter where quota should be managed.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the quota to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster_grace` (Number) Cluster grace(hard limit) defined in percentage (1-100).
- `cluster_threshold` (Number) Cluster threshold(soft limit) defined in percentage (0-100).
- `clusters` (String) List of dictionary of cluster limits, which is valid to specific cluster. If cluster isn't specified it's valid to all clusters in system:
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the quota to manage.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the quota be present/absent.
- `storage_grace` (Number) Storage grace(hard limit) defined in percentage (1-100).
- `storage_threshold` (Number) Storage threshold(soft limit) defined in percentage (0-100).
- `storages` (String) List of dictionary of storage limits, which is valid to specific storage. If storage isn't specified it's valid to all storages in system:
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `quota` (String) Dictionary of all the quota attributes. Quota attributes can be found on your oVirt/RHV instance at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/quota.
