---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_instance_type Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_instance_type (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `ballooning_enabled` (Boolean) If *true*, use memory ballooning. Memory balloon is a guest device, which may be used to re-distribute / reclaim the host memory based on instance type needs in a dynamic way. In this way it's possible to create memory over commitment states.
- `boot_devices` (String) List of boot devices which should be used to boot. For example `[ cdrom, hd ]`. Default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cpu_cores` (Number) Number of virtual CPUs cores of the Instance Type. Default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `cpu_mode` (String) CPU mode of the instance type. It can be some of the following: *host_passthrough*, *host_model* or *custom*. For *host_passthrough* CPU type you need to set `placement_policy` to *pinned*. If no value is passed, default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `cpu_pinning` (String) CPU Pinning topology to map instance type CPU to host CPU. CPU Pinning topology is a list of dictionary which can have following values:
- `cpu_sockets` (Number) Number of virtual CPUs sockets of the Instance Type. Default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `cpu_threads` (Number) Number of virtual CPUs sockets of the Instance Type. Default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the instance type.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `graphical_console` (String) Assign graphical console to the instance type. Graphical console is a dictionary which can have following values: `headless_mode` - If *true* disable the graphics console for this instance type. `protocol` - Graphical protocol, a list of *spice*, *vnc*, or both.
- `high_availability` (Boolean) If *yes* Instance Type will be set as highly available. If *no* Instance Type won't be set as highly available. If no value is passed, default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `high_availability_priority` (Number) Indicates the priority of the instance type inside the run and migration queues. Instance Type with higher priorities will be started and migrated before instance types with lower priorities. The value is an integer between 0 and 100. The higher the value, the higher the priority. If no value is passed, default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `host` (String) Specify host where Instance Type should be running. By default the host is chosen by engine scheduler. This parameter is used only when `state` is *running* or *present*.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `io_threads` (Number) Number of IO threads used by instance type. *0* means IO threading disabled.
- `memory` (String) Amount of memory of the Instance Type. Prefix uses IEC 60027-2 standard (for example 1GiB, 1024MiB). Default value is set by engine.
- `memory_guaranteed` (String) Amount of minimal guaranteed memory of the Instance Type. Prefix uses IEC 60027-2 standard (for example 1GiB, 1024MiB). `memory_guaranteed` parameter can't be lower than `memory` parameter. Default value is set by engine.
- `memory_max` (String) Upper bound of instance type memory up to which memory hot-plug can be performed. Prefix uses IEC 60027-2 standard (for example 1GiB, 1024MiB). Default value is set by engine.
- `name` (String) Name of the Instance Type to manage. If instance type don't exists `name` is required. Otherwise `id` or `name` can be used.
- `nics` (String) List of NICs, which should be attached to Virtual Machine. NIC is described by following dictionary. NOTE - This parameter is used only when `state` is *running* or *present* and is able to only create NICs. To manage NICs of the instance type in more depth please use `ovirt.ovirt.ovirt_nic` module instead.
- `operating_system` (String) Operating system of the Instance Type, for example 'rhel_8x64'. Default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine. Use the `ovirt.ovirt.ovirt_vm_os_info` module to obtain the current list.
- `placement_policy` (String) The configuration of the instance type's placement policy. Placement policy can be one of the following values: `migratable` - Allow manual and automatic migration. `pinned` - Do not allow migration. `user_migratable` - Allow manual migration only. If no value is passed, default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rng_bytes` (Number) Number of bytes allowed to consume per period.
- `rng_device` (String) Random number generator (RNG). You can choose of one the following devices *urandom*, *random* or *hwrng*. In order to select *hwrng*, you must have it enabled on cluster first. /dev/urandom is used for cluster version >= 4.1, and /dev/random for cluster version <= 4.0
- `rng_period` (Number) Duration of one period in milliseconds.
- `serial_console` (Boolean) *True* enable VirtIO serial console, *False* to disable it. By default is chosen by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `smartcard_enabled` (Boolean) If *true*, use smart card authentication.
- `soundcard_enabled` (Boolean) If *true*, the sound card is added to the instance type.
- `state` (String) Should the Instance Type be present/absent. *present* state will create/update instance type and don't change its state if it already exists.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `usb_support` (Boolean) *True* enable USB support, *False* to disable it. By default is chosen by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `virtio_scsi` (Boolean) If *true*, virtio scsi will be enabled.
- `watchdog` (String) Assign watchdog device for the instance type. Watchdogs is a dictionary which can have following values: `model` - Model of the watchdog device. For example: *i6300esb*, *diag288* or *null*. `action` - Watchdog action to be performed when watchdog is triggered. For example: *none*, *reset*, *poweroff*, *pause* or *dump*.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `instancetype` (String) Dictionary of all the instance type attributes. instance type attributes can be found on your oVirt/RHV instance at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/instance_type.
