---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_vnic_profile Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_vnic_profile (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `data_center` (String) Datacenter name where network reside.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) A human-readable name in plain text.
- `network` (String) Name of network to which is vNIC attached.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `custom_properties` (String) Custom properties applied to the vNIC profile. Custom properties is a list of dictionary which can have following values:
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) A human-readable description in plain text.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `migratable` (Boolean) Marks whether pass_through NIC is migratable or not.
- `network_filter` (String) The network filter enables to filter packets send to/from the VM's nic according to defined rules.
- `pass_through` (String) Enables passthrough to an SR-IOV-enabled host NIC. When enabled `qos` and  `network_filter` are automatically set to None and `port_mirroring` to False. When enabled and `migratable` not specified then `migratable` is enabled. Port mirroring, QoS and network filters are not supported on passthrough profiles.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port_mirroring` (Boolean) Enables port mirroring.
- `qos` (String) Quality of Service attributes regulate inbound and outbound network traffic of the NIC.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the vNIC be absent/present.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vnic` (String) Dictionary of all the vNIC profile attributes. Network interface attributes can be found on your oVirt/RHV instance at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/nic.
