---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_datacenter Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_datacenter (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the data center to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Comment of the data center.
- `compatibility_version` (String) Compatibility version of the data center.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the data center.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) This parameter can be used only when removing a data center. If *True* data center will be forcibly removed, even though it contains some clusters. Default value is *False*, which means that only empty data center can be removed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `iscsi_bonds` (String) List of iscsi bonds, which should be created in datacenter.
- `local` (Boolean) *True* if the data center should be local, *False* if should be shared. Default value is set by engine.
- `mac_pool` (String) MAC pool to be used by this datacenter. IMPORTANT: This option is deprecated in oVirt/RHV 4.1. You should use `mac_pool` in `ovirt_clusters` module, as MAC pools are set per cluster since 4.1.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `quota_mode` (String) Quota mode of the data center. One of *disabled*, *audit* or *enabled*
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the data center be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data_center` (String) Dictionary of all the datacenter attributes. Datacenter attributes can be found on your oVirt/RHV instance at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/datacenter.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
