---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_event Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_event (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster` (String) The id of the cluster associated with this event.
- `correlation_id` (String) The event correlation identifier. If not specified, the 'correlation-id' in the connection header will be used. If neither are available, it is not set.
- `custom_id` (Number) Custom ID for the event. This ID must be unique for each event. Required when state is present.
- `data_center` (String) The id of the data center associated with this event.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Message for the event. Required when state is present.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host` (String) The id of the host associated with this event.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `origin` (String) Originator of the event. Required when state is present.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `severity` (String) Severity of the event. Required when state is present.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the event be present/absent. The `wait` option must be set to false when state is absent.
- `storage_domain` (String) The id of the storage domain associated with this event.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template` (String) The id of the template associated with this event.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user` (String) The id of the user associated with this event.
- `vm` (String) The id of the VM associated with this event.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `event` (String) Dictionary of all the Event attributes. All event attributes can be found at the following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/event
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
