---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_snapshot Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_snapshot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the snapshot.
- `disk_id` (String) Disk id which you want to upload or download To get disk, you need to define disk_id or disk_name
- `disk_name` (String) Disk name which you want to upload or download
- `disks` (String) List of disks which should be created with snapshot.
- `download_image_path` (String) Path on a file system where snapshot should be downloaded. Note that you must have an valid oVirt/RHV engine CA in your system trust store or you must provide it in `ca_file` parameter. Note that the snapshot is not downloaded when the file already exists, but you can forcibly download the snapshot when using `force` I (true).
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `keep_days_old` (Number) Number of days after which should snapshot be deleted. It will check all snapshots of virtual machine and delete them, if they are older.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot_id` (String) ID of the snapshot to manage.
- `state` (String) Should the Virtual Machine snapshot be restore/present/absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `upload_image_path` (String) Path to disk image, which should be uploaded.
- `use_memory` (Boolean) If *true* and `state` is *present* save memory of the Virtual Machine if it's running. If *true* and `state` is *restore* restore memory of the Virtual Machine. Note that Virtual Machine will be paused while saving the memory.
- `vm_id` (String) ID of the Virtual Machine to manage. Required one of `vm_name` or `vm_id`.
- `vm_name` (String) Name of the Virtual Machine to manage. Required one of `vm_name` or `vm_id`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `snapshot` (String) Dictionary of all the snapshot attributes. Snapshot attributes can be found on your oVirt/RHV instance at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/snapshot.
- `snapshots` (String) List of deleted snapshots when keep_days_old is defined and snapshot is older than the input days
