---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_event_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_event_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `case_sensitive` (Boolean) Indicates if the search performed using the search parameter should be performed taking case into account. The default value is true, which means that case is taken into account. If you want to search ignoring case set it to false.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `follow` (String) List of linked entities, which should be fetched along with the main entity. This parameter replaces usage of `fetch_nested` and `nested_attributes`. All follow parameters can be found at following url: https://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/event/links_summary
- `from_` (Number) Indicates the event index after which events should be returned. The indexes of events are strictly increasing, so when this parameter is used only the events with greater indexes will be returned.
- `headers` (String) Additional HTTP headers.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `max` (Number) Sets the maximum number of events to return. If not specified all the events are returned.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `query` (String) Additional URL query parameters.
- `search` (String) Search term which is accepted by the oVirt/RHV API. For example to search for events of severity alert use the following pattern: severity=alert
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `wait` (Boolean) If True wait for the response.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `ovirt_events` (String) List of dictionaries describing the events. Event attributes are mapped to dictionary keys. All event attributes can be found at the following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/event
