---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_vm Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_vm (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `affinity_group_mappings` (String) Mapper which maps affinity name between VM's OVF and the destination affinity this VM should be registered to, relevant when `state` is registered.
- `affinity_label_mappings` (String) Mapper which maps affinity label name between VM's OVF and the destination label this VM should be registered to, relevant when `state` is registered.
- `allow_partial_import` (Boolean) Boolean indication whether to allow partial registration of Virtual Machine when `state` is registered.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `ballooning_enabled` (Boolean) If *true*, use memory ballooning. Memory balloon is a guest device, which may be used to re-distribute / reclaim the host memory based on VM needs in a dynamic way. In this way it's possible to create memory over commitment states.
- `bios_type` (String) Set bios type, necessary for some operating systems and secure boot. If no value is passed, default value is set from cluster. NOTE - Supported since oVirt 4.3.
- `boot_devices` (String) List of boot devices which should be used to boot. For example `[ cdrom, hd ]`. Default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `boot_menu` (Boolean) *True* enable menu to select boot device, *False* to disable it. By default is chosen by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `cd_iso` (String) ISO file from ISO storage domain which should be attached to Virtual Machine. If you have multiple ISO disks with the same name use disk ID to specify which should be used or use `storage_domain` to filter disks. If you pass empty string the CD will be ejected from VM. If used with `state` *running* or *present* and VM is running the CD will be attached to VM. If used with `state` *running* or *present* and VM is down the CD will be attached to VM persistently.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clone` (Boolean) If *yes* then the disks of the created virtual machine will be cloned and independent of the template. This parameter is used only when `state` is *running* or *present* and VM didn't exist before.
- `clone_permissions` (Boolean) If *yes* then the permissions of the template (only the direct ones, not the inherited ones) will be copied to the created virtual machine. This parameter is used only when `state` is *running* or *present* and VM didn't exist before.
- `cloud_init` (String) Dictionary with values for Unix-like Virtual Machine initialization using cloud init.
- `cloud_init_nics` (String) List of dictionaries representing network interfaces to be setup by cloud init. This option is used, when user needs to setup more network interfaces via cloud init. If one network interface is enough, user should use `cloud_init` *nic_** parameters. `cloud_init` *nic_** parameters are merged with `cloud_init_nics` parameters.
- `cloud_init_persist` (Boolean) If *yes* the `cloud_init` or `sysprep` parameters will be saved for the virtual machine and the virtual machine won't be started as run-once.
- `cluster` (String) Name of the cluster, where Virtual Machine should be created. Required if creating VM.
- `cluster_mappings` (String) Mapper which maps cluster name between VM's OVF and the destination cluster this VM should be registered to, relevant when `state` is registered. Cluster mapping is described by the following dictionary:
- `comment` (String) Comment of the Virtual Machine.
- `cpu_cores` (Number) Number of virtual CPUs cores of the Virtual Machine. Default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `cpu_mode` (String) CPU mode of the virtual machine. It can be some of the following: *host_passthrough*, *host_model* or *custom*. For *host_passthrough* CPU type you need to set `placement_policy` to *pinned*. If no value is passed, default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `cpu_pinning` (String) CPU Pinning topology to map virtual machine CPU to host CPU. CPU Pinning topology is a list of dictionary which can have following values:
- `cpu_shares` (Number) Set a CPU shares for this Virtual Machine. Default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `cpu_sockets` (Number) Number of virtual CPUs sockets of the Virtual Machine. Default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `cpu_threads` (Number) Number of threads per core of the Virtual Machine. Default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `custom_compatibility_version` (String) Enables a virtual machine to be customized to its own compatibility version. If '`custom_compatibility_version`' is set, it overrides the cluster's compatibility version for this particular virtual machine.
- `custom_emulated_machine` (String) Sets the value of the custom_emulated_machine attribute.
- `custom_properties` (String) Properties sent to VDSM to configure various hooks. Custom properties is a list of dictionary which can have following values:
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_protected` (Boolean) If *yes* Virtual Machine will be set as delete protected. If *no* Virtual Machine won't be set as delete protected. If no value is passed, default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `description` (String) Description of the Virtual Machine.
- `disk_format` (String) Specify format of the disk. If `cow` format is used, disk will by created as sparse, so space will be allocated for the volume as needed, also known as *thin provision*. If `raw` format is used, disk storage will be allocated right away, also known as *preallocated*. Note that this option isn't idempotent as it's not currently possible to change format of the disk via API. This parameter is considered only when `template` and `storage domain` is provided.
- `disks` (String) List of disks, which should be attached to Virtual Machine. Disk is described by following dictionary.
- `domain_mappings` (String) Mapper which maps aaa domain name between VM's OVF and the destination aaa domain this VM should be registered to, relevant when `state` is registered. The aaa domain mapping is described by the following dictionary:
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `exclusive` (Boolean) When `state` is *exported* this parameter indicates if the existing VM with the same name should be overwritten.
- `export_domain` (String) When `state` is *exported*this parameter specifies the name of the export storage domain.
- `export_ova` (String) Dictionary of values to be used to export VM as OVA.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Please check to *Synopsis* to more detailed description of force parameter, it can behave differently in different situations.
- `force_migrate` (Boolean) If *true*, the VM will migrate when *placement_policy=user-migratable* but not when *placement_policy=pinned*.
- `graphical_console` (String) Assign graphical console to the virtual machine.
- `high_availability` (Boolean) If *yes* Virtual Machine will be set as highly available. If *no* Virtual Machine won't be set as highly available. If no value is passed, default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `high_availability_priority` (Number) Indicates the priority of the virtual machine inside the run and migration queues. Virtual machines with higher priorities will be started and migrated before virtual machines with lower priorities. The value is an integer between 0 and 100. The higher the value, the higher the priority. If no value is passed, default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `host` (String) Specify host where Virtual Machine should be running. By default the host is chosen by engine scheduler. This parameter is used only when `state` is *running* or *present*.
- `host_devices` (String) Single Root I/O Virtualization - technology that allows single device to expose multiple endpoints that can be passed to VMs host_devices is an list which contain dictionary with name and state of device
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `initrd_path` (String) Path to an initial ramdisk to be used with the kernel specified by `kernel_path` option. Ramdisk image must be stored on either the ISO domain or on the host's storage.
- `instance_type` (String) Name of virtual machine's hardware configuration. By default no instance type is used.
- `io_threads` (Number) Number of IO threads used by virtual machine. *0* means IO threading disabled.
- `kernel_params` (String) Kernel command line parameters (formatted as string) to be used with the kernel specified by `kernel_path` option.
- `kernel_params_persist` (Boolean) If *true* `kernel_params`, `initrd_path` and `kernel_path` will persist in virtual machine configuration, if *False* it will be used for run once.
- `kernel_path` (String) Path to a kernel image used to boot the virtual machine. Kernel image must be stored on either the ISO domain or on the host's storage.
- `kvm` (String) Dictionary of values to be used to connect to kvm and import a virtual machine to oVirt.
- `lease` (String) Name of the storage domain this virtual machine lease reside on. Pass an empty string to remove the lease. NOTE - Supported since oVirt 4.1.
- `lun_mappings` (String) Mapper which maps lun between VM's OVF and the destination lun this VM should contain, relevant when `state` is registered. lun_mappings is described by the following dictionary:
- `memory` (String) Amount of memory of the Virtual Machine. Prefix uses IEC 60027-2 standard (for example 1GiB, 1024MiB). Default value is set by engine.
- `memory_guaranteed` (String) Amount of minimal guaranteed memory of the Virtual Machine. Prefix uses IEC 60027-2 standard (for example 1GiB, 1024MiB). `memory_guaranteed` parameter can't be lower than `memory` parameter. Default value is set by engine.
- `memory_max` (String) Upper bound of virtual machine memory up to which memory hot-plug can be performed. Prefix uses IEC 60027-2 standard (for example 1GiB, 1024MiB). Default value is set by engine.
- `migrate` (Boolean) If *true*, the VM will migrate to any available host.
- `multi_queues_enabled` (Boolean) If `true`, each virtual interface will get the optimal number of queues, depending on the available virtual Cpus.
- `name` (String) Name of the Virtual Machine to manage. If VM don't exists `name` is required. Otherwise `id` or `name` can be used.
- `next_run` (Boolean) If *true*, the update will not be applied to the VM immediately and will be only applied when virtual machine is restarted. NOTE - If there are multiple next run configuration changes on the VM, the first change may get reverted if this option is not passed.
- `nics` (String) List of NICs, which should be attached to Virtual Machine. NIC is described by following dictionary.
- `numa_nodes` (String) List of vNUMA Nodes to set for this VM and pin them to assigned host's physical NUMA node. Each vNUMA node is described by following dictionary:
- `numa_tune_mode` (String) Set how the memory allocation for NUMA nodes of this VM is applied (relevant if NUMA nodes are set for this VM). It can be one of the following: *interleave*, *preferred* or *strict*. If no value is passed, default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `operating_system` (String) Operating system of the Virtual Machine, for example 'rhel_8x64'. Default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine. Use the `ovirt.ovirt.ovirt_vm_os_info` module to obtain the current list.
- `placement_policy` (String) The configuration of the virtual machine's placement policy. If no value is passed, default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine. Placement policy can be one of the following values:
- `placement_policy_hosts` (String) List of host names.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `quota_id` (String) Virtual Machine quota ID to be used for disk. By default quota is chosen by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `reassign_bad_macs` (Boolean) Boolean indication whether to reassign bad macs when `state` is registered.
- `rng_device` (String) Random number generator (RNG). You can choose of one the following devices *urandom*, *random* or *hwrng*. In order to select *hwrng*, you must have it enabled on cluster first. /dev/urandom is used for cluster version >= 4.1, and /dev/random for cluster version <= 4.0
- `role_mappings` (String) Mapper which maps role name between VM's OVF and the destination role this VM should be registered to, relevant when `state` is registered. Role mapping is described by the following dictionary:
- `serial_console` (Boolean) *True* enable VirtIO serial console, *False* to disable it. By default is chosen by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `serial_policy` (String) Specify a serial number policy for the Virtual Machine. Following options are supported. `vm` - Sets the Virtual Machine's UUID as its serial number. `host` - Sets the host's UUID as the Virtual Machine's serial number. `custom` - Allows you to specify a custom serial number in `serial_policy_value`.
- `serial_policy_value` (String) Allows you to specify a custom serial number. This parameter is used only when `serial_policy` is *custom*.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `smartcard_enabled` (Boolean) If *true*, use smart card authentication.
- `snapshot_name` (String) Snapshot to clone VM from. Snapshot with description specified should exist. You have to specify `snapshot_vm` parameter with virtual machine name of this snapshot.
- `snapshot_vm` (String) Source VM to clone VM from. VM should have snapshot specified by `snapshot`. If `snapshot_name` specified `snapshot_vm` is required.
- `soundcard_enabled` (Boolean) If *true*, the sound card is added to the virtual machine.
- `sso` (Boolean) *True* enable Single Sign On by Guest Agent, *False* to disable it. By default is chosen by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `state` (String) Should the Virtual Machine be running/stopped/present/absent/suspended/next_run/registered/exported/reboot. When `state` is *registered* and the unregistered VM's name belongs to an already registered in engine VM in the same DC then we fail to register the unregistered template. *present* state will create/update VM and don't change its state if it already exists. *running* state will create/update VM and start it. *next_run* state updates the VM and if the VM has next run configuration it will be rebooted. Please check *notes* to more detailed description of states. *exported* state will export the VM to export domain or as OVA. *registered* is supported since 2.4. *reboot* is supported since 2.10, virtual machine is rebooted only if it's in up state. *reset* sends a reset request to a virtual machine.
- `stateless` (Boolean) If *yes* Virtual Machine will be set as stateless. If *no* Virtual Machine will be unset as stateless. If no value is passed, default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `storage_domain` (String) Name of the storage domain where all template disks should be created. This parameter is considered only when `template` is provided. IMPORTANT - This parameter is not idempotent, if the VM exists and you specify different storage domain, disk won't move.
- `storage_error_resume_behaviour` (String) If the storage, on which this virtual machine has some disks gets unresponsive, the virtual machine gets paused. These are the possible options, what should happen with the virtual machine at the moment the storage becomes available again.
- `sysprep` (String) Dictionary with values for Windows Virtual Machine initialization using sysprep.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template` (String) Name of the template, which should be used to create Virtual Machine. Required if creating VM. If template is not specified and VM doesn't exist, VM will be created from *Blank* template.
- `template_version` (Number) Version number of the template to be used for VM. By default the latest available version of the template is used.
- `ticket` (Boolean) If *true*, in addition return *remote_vv_file* inside *vm* dictionary, which contains compatible content for remote-viewer application. Works only `state` is *running*.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timezone` (String) Sets time zone offset of the guest hardware clock. For example `Etc/GMT`
- `tpm_enabled` (Boolean) If `true`, a TPM device is added to the virtual machine.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) Type of the Virtual Machine. Default value is set by oVirt/RHV engine. *high_performance* is supported since Ansible 2.5 and oVirt/RHV 4.2.
- `usb_support` (Boolean) *True* enable USB support, *False* to disable it. By default is chosen by oVirt/RHV engine.
- `use_latest_template_version` (Boolean) Specify if latest template version should be used, when running a stateless VM. If this parameter is set to *yes* stateless VM is created.
- `virtio_scsi_enabled` (Boolean) Enable Virtio SCSI support.
- `virtio_scsi_multi_queues` (Number) Number of queues for a Virtio-SCSI controller, possible values: -1 - Indicates that the queues will be automatically set. 0 - Indicates that the Virtio SCSI multi-queue will be disabled. >0 - Number of Virtio SCSI queues to use by virtual machine.
- `vmware` (String) Dictionary of values to be used to connect to VMware and import a virtual machine to oVirt.
- `vnic_profile_mappings` (String) Mapper which maps an external virtual NIC profile to one that exists in the engine when `state` is registered. vnic_profile is described by the following dictionary:
- `volatile` (Boolean) Indicates that this run configuration will be discarded even in the case of guest-initiated reboot.
- `wait_after_lease` (Number) Number of seconds which should the module wait after the lease is changed.
- `watchdog` (String) Assign watchdog device for the virtual machine. Watchdogs is a dictionary which can have following values:
- `xen` (String) Dictionary of values to be used to connect to XEN and import a virtual machine to oVirt.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vm` (String) Dictionary of all the VM attributes. VM attributes can be found on your oVirt/RHV instance at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/vm. Additionally when user sent ticket=true, this module will return also remote_vv_file parameter in vm dictionary, which contains remote-viewer compatible file to open virtual machine console. Please note that this file contains sensible information.
