---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_vm_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_vm_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `all_content` (Boolean) If *true* all the attributes of the virtual machines should be included in the response.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `case_sensitive` (Boolean) If *true* performed search will take case into account.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `current_cd` (Boolean) If *true* it will get from all virtual machines current attached cd.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `follow` (String) List of linked entities, which should be fetched along with the main entity. This parameter replaces usage of `fetch_nested` and `nested_attributes`. All follow parameters can be found at following url: https://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/vm/links_summary
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `max` (Number) The maximum number of results to return.
- `next_run` (Boolean) Indicates if the returned result describes the virtual machine as it is currently running or if describes the virtual machine with the modifications that have already been performed but that will only come into effect when the virtual machine is restarted. By default the value is set by engine.
- `pattern` (String) Search term which is accepted by oVirt/RHV search backend. For example to search VM X from cluster Y use following pattern: name=X and cluster=Y
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `ovirt_vms` (String) List of dictionaries describing the VMs. VM attributes are mapped to dictionary keys, all VMs attributes can be found at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/vm.
