---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_host_network Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_ovirt_ovirt_ovirt_host_network (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the host to manage networks for.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bond` (String) Dictionary describing network bond:
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `check` (Boolean) If *true* verify connectivity between host and engine. Network configuration changes will be rolled back if connectivity between engine and the host is lost after changing network configuration.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interface` (String) Name of the network interface where logical network should be attached.
- `labels` (String) List of names of the network label to be assigned to bond or interface.
- `networks` (String) List of dictionary describing networks to be attached to interface or bond:
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `save` (Boolean) If *true* network configuration will be persistent, otherwise it is temporary. Default *true* since Ansible 2.8.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Should the host be present/absent.
- `sync_networks` (Boolean) If *true* all networks will be synchronized before modification
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `host_nic` (String) Dictionary of all the host NIC attributes. Host NIC attributes can be found on your oVirt/RHV instance at following url: http://ovirt.github.io/ovirt-engine-api-model/master/#types/host_nic.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
