---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_package Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_package (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Package name, or package specifier with version. Syntax varies with package manager. For example V(name-1.0) or V(name=1.0). Package names also vary with package manager; this module will not "translate" them per distribution. For example V(libyaml-dev), V(libyaml-devel). To operate on several packages this can accept a comma separated string of packages or a list of packages, depending on the underlying package manager.
- `state` (String) Whether to install (V(present)), or remove (V(absent)) a package. You can use other states like V(latest) ONLY if they are supported by the underlying package module(s) executed.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use` (String) The required package manager module to use (V(dnf), V(apt), and so on). The default V(auto) will use existing facts or try to auto-detect it. You should only use this field if the automatic selection is not working for some reason. Since version 2.17 you can use the C(ansible_package_use) variable to override the automatic detection, but this option still takes precedence.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) Full raw JSON result from Ansible
