---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_pause Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_pause (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `echo` (Boolean) Controls whether or not keyboard input is shown when typing. Only has effect if neither O(seconds) nor O(minutes) are set.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `minutes` (String) A positive number of minutes to pause for.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prompt` (String) Optional text to use for the prompt message. User input is only returned if O(seconds) and O(minutes) are both not specified, otherwise this is just a custom message before playbook execution is paused.
- `seconds` (String) A positive number of seconds to pause for.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `delta` (String) Time paused in seconds
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `start` (String) Time when started pausing
- `stdout` (String) Output of pause module
- `stop` (String) Time when ended pausing
- `user_input` (String) User input from interactive console
