---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_pcg_alpaca_operator_alpaca_system Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_pcg_alpaca_operator_alpaca_system (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Unique name (hostname) of the system.

### Optional

- `agents` (String) A list of agents to assign to the system.

Each entry must include:
- `name` (string): The agent's name.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `checks_disabled` (Boolean) Disable automatic system health checks.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the system.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `group_id` (Number) ID of the group (used if `group_name` is not provided).
- `group_name` (String) Name of the group to which the system should belong.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `magic_number` (Number) Custom numeric field between 0 and 59. Can be used for arbitrary logic in your setup.
- `new_name` (String) Optional new name for the system. If the system specified in `name` exists, it will be renamed to this value. If the system does not exist, a new system will be created using this value.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rfc_connection` (String) Connection details for accessing the ALPACA Operator API.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of the system.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `variables` (String) A list of variables to assign to the system.

Each entry must include:
- `name` (string):  The name of the variable.
- `value` (string): The value to assign to the variable.
- `variables_mode` (String) Controls how variables are handled when updating the system.

`update`: Add missing variables and update existing ones.
`replace`: Add missing variables, update existing ones, and remove variables not defined in the playbook.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Status message
- `system` (String) System details
