---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_pcg_alpaca_operator_alpaca_agent Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_pcg_alpaca_operator_alpaca_agent (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Unique name (hostname) of the agent.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Unique description of the agent.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `escalation` (String) Escalation configuration.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ip_address` (String) IP address of the agent.
- `location` (String) Location of the agent. Can be `virtual`, `local1`, `local2`, or `remote`.
- `new_name` (String) Optional new name for the agent. If the agent specified in `name` exists, it will be renamed to this value. If the agent does not exist, a new agent will be created using this value.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `script_group_id` (Number) Script Group ID.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Desired state of the agent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `agent_config` (String) Details of the created, updated, or deleted agent configuration
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `changes` (String) Dictionary showing differences between the current and desired configuration
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Status message indicating the result of the operation
