---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_pip Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_pip (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `break_system_packages` (Boolean) Allow C(pip) to modify an externally-managed Python installation as defined by PEP 668. This is typically required when installing packages outside a virtual environment on modern systems.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chdir` (String) cd into this directory before running the command.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `editable` (Boolean) Pass the editable flag.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) The explicit executable or pathname for the C(pip) executable, if different from the Ansible Python interpreter. For example V(pip3.13), if there are multiple Python installations in the system and you want to run pip for the Python 3.13 installation. Mutually exclusive with O(virtualenv) (added in 2.1). Does not affect the Ansible Python interpreter. The C(setuptools) package must be installed for both the Ansible Python interpreter and for the version of Python specified by this option.
- `extra_args` (String) Extra arguments passed to C(pip).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `name` (String) The name of a Python library to install or the url(bzr+,hg+,git+,svn+) of the remote package. This can be a list (since 2.2) and contain version specifiers (since 2.7).
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `requirements` (String) The path to a pip requirements file, which should be local to the remote system. File can be specified as a relative path if using the O(chdir) option.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state of module. The V(forcereinstall) option is only available in Ansible 2.1 and above.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `umask` (String) The system umask to apply before installing the pip package. This is useful, for example, when installing on systems that have a very restrictive umask by default (e.g., C(0077)) and you want to C(pip install) packages which are to be used by all users. Note that this requires you to specify desired umask mode as an octal string, (e.g., C(0022)).
- `version` (String) The version number to install of the Python library specified in the O(name) parameter.
- `virtualenv` (String) An optional path to a I(virtualenv) directory to install into. It cannot be specified together with the O(executable) parameter (added in 2.1). If the virtualenv does not exist, it will be created before installing packages. The optional O(virtualenv_site_packages), O(virtualenv_command), and O(virtualenv_python) options affect the creation of the virtualenv.
- `virtualenv_command` (String) The command or a pathname to the command to create the virtual environment with. For example V(pyvenv), V(virtualenv), V(virtualenv2), V(~/bin/virtualenv), V(/usr/local/bin/virtualenv).
- `virtualenv_python` (String) The Python executable used for creating the virtual environment. For example V(python3.13). When not specified, the Python version used to run the ansible module is used. This parameter should not be used when O(virtualenv_command) is using V(pyvenv) or the C(-m venv) module.
- `virtualenv_site_packages` (Boolean) Whether the virtual environment will inherit packages from the global C(site-packages) directory. Note that if this setting is changed on an already existing virtual environment it will not have any effect, the environment must be deleted and newly created.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `cmd` (String) pip command used by the module
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) Full raw JSON result from Ansible
