---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flashblade_purefb_fs Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flashblade_purefb_fs (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Filesystem Name.

### Optional

- `access_control` (String) The access control style that is utilized for client actions such as setting file and directory ACLs.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cancel_in_progress` (Boolean) Whether to cancel any existing storage class transitons that are in progress if the file system is requested to changed to another storage class
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client_policy` (String) Name of SMB client policy to assign to filesystem Only valid with REST 2.10 or higher Remove policy with empty string
- `context` (String) Name of fleet member on which to perform the operation. This requires the array receiving the request is a member of a fleet and the context name to be a member of the same fleet.
- `continuous_availability` (Boolean) Defines if the file system will be continuously available during disruptive scenarios such as network disruption, blades failover, etc
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_link` (Boolean) Define if the filesystem can be deleted even if it has a replica link
- `discard_snaps` (Boolean) Allow a filesystem to be demoted.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `eradicate` (Boolean) Define whether to eradicate the filesystem on delete or leave in trash.
- `export_policy` (String) Name of NFS export policy to assign to filesystem Overrides *nfs_rules*
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fastremove` (Boolean) Define whether the fast remove directory is enabled for the filesystem.
- `group_ownership` (String) The group ownership for new files and directories in a file system
- `group_quota` (String) Default quota in M, G, T or P units for a group under this file system.
- `hard_limit` (Boolean) Define whether the capacity for a filesystem is a hard limit. CAUTION This will cause the filesystem to go Read-Only if the capacity has already exceeded the logical size of the filesystem.
- `http` (Boolean) Define whether to HTTP/HTTPS protocol is enabled for the filesystem.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_usage` (Boolean) Allow update operations that lead to a hard_limit_enabled file system with usage over its limiting value
- `nfs_rules` (String) Define the NFS rules in operation. If not set at filesystem creation time it defaults to **(rw,no_root_squash*) Supported binary options are ro/rw, secure/insecure, fileid_32bit/no_fileid_32bit, root_squash/no_root_squash, all_squash/no_all_squash and atime/noatime Supported non-binary options are anonuid=#, anongid=#, sec=(sys|krb5) Superceeded by *export_policy* if provided
- `nfsv3` (Boolean) Define whether to NFSv3 protocol is enabled for the filesystem.
- `nfsv4` (Boolean) Define whether to NFSv4.1 protocol is enabled for the filesystem.
- `policy` (String) Filesystem policy to assign to or remove from a filesystem.
- `policy_state` (String) Add or delete a policy from a filesystem
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `promote` (Boolean) Promote/demote a filesystem. Can only demote the file-system if it is in a replica-link relationship.
- `safeguard_acls` (Boolean) Safeguards ACLs on a filesystem. Performs different roles depending on the filesystem protocol enabled. See Purity//FB documentation for detailed description.
- `share_policy` (String) Name of SMB share policy to assign to filesystem Only valid with REST 2.10 or higher Remove policy with empty string
- `size` (String) Volume size in M, G, T or P units. See examples. If size is not set at filesystem creation time the filesystem size becomes unlimited.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `smb` (Boolean) Define whether to SMB protocol is enabled for the filesystem.
- `smb_aclmode` (String) Specify the ACL mode for the SMB protocol. Deprecated from Purity//FB 3.1.1. Use *access_control* instead.
- `snapshot` (Boolean) Define whether a snapshot directory is enabled for the filesystem.
- `state` (String) Create, delete or modifies a filesystem.
- `storage_class` (String) Name of storage class in Fusion fleet file system is associated with
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_quota` (String) Default quota in M, G, T or P units for a user under this file system.
- `writable` (Boolean) Define if a filesystem is writable.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
