---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_pod Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_pod (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the pod.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `context` (String) Name of fleet member on which to perform the operation. This requires the array receiving the request is a member of a fleet and the context name to be a member of the same fleet.
- `default_protection_pg` (String) Name of the default protection default for the pod Only applicable for existing pods Name must include the pod name Will create the PG in the pod if it doesn't already exist To remove an existing defaul protection group provide *[]*
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_contents` (Boolean) This enables you to eradicate pods with contents.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `eradicate` (Boolean) Define whether to eradicate the pod on delete or leave in trash.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `failover` (String) The name of the array given priority to stay online if arrays loose contact with eachother. Oprions are either array in the cluster, or *auto*
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_usage` (Boolean) Flag used to override checks for quota management operations. If set to true, pod usage is not checked against the quota_limits that are set. If set to false, the actual logical bytes in use are prevented from exceeding the limits set on the pod. Client operations might be impacted. If the limit exceeds the quota, the operation is not allowed.
- `mediator` (String) Name of the mediator to use for a pod
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `promote` (Boolean) Promote/demote any pod not in a stretched relationship. . Demoting a pod will render it read-only.
- `quiesce` (Boolean) Quiesce/Skip quiesce when *promote* is false and demoting an ActiveDR pod. Quiesce will ensure all local data has been replicated before demotion. Skipping quiesce looses all pending data to be replicated to the remote pod. Can only demote the pod if it is in a Acrive DR replica link relationship. This will default to True
- `quota` (String) Logical quota limit of the pod in K, M, G, T or P units, or bytes.
- `retention_lock` (Boolean) Define if *default_protection_pg* has retention lock enabled
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Define whether the pod should exist or not.
- `stretch` (String) The name of the array to stretch to/unstretch from. Must be synchromously replicated. To unstretch an array use state *absent* You can only specify a remote array, ie you cannot unstretch a pod from the current array and then restretch back to the current array. To restretch a pod you must perform this from the remaining array the pod resides on.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target` (String) Name of clone target pod.
- `throttle` (Boolean) Allows pod creation to fail if array health is not optimal
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `undo` (Boolean) Use the *undo-remote* pod when *promote* is true and promoting an ActiveDR pod. This will default to True
- `with_default_protection` (Boolean) Whether to keep the default container protection for the pod Only applicable for first creation of a pod

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
