---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flashblade_purefb_s3user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flashblade_purefb_s3user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account` (String) The name of object store account associated with user
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of object store user

### Optional

- `access_key` (Boolean) Create secret access key. Key can be exposed using the *debug* module If enabled this will override *imported_key*
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `context` (String) Name of fleet member on which to perform the operation. This requires the array receiving the request is a member of a fleet and the context name to be a member of the same fleet.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable_key` (Boolean) Is the access key enabled?
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `imported_key` (String) Access key of imported credentials
- `imported_secret` (String) Access key secret for access key to import
- `key_name` (String) Access key to be modified
- `multiple_keys` (Boolean) Allow multiple access keys to be created for the user.
- `policy` (String) User Access Policies to be assigned to user on creation To amend policies use the *purestorage.flashblade.purefb_userpolicy* module If not specified, *pure\:policy/full-access* will be added
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or delete object store account user Remove a specified access key for a user
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
