---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_dirsnap Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_dirsnap (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client` (String) The client name portion of the client visible snapshot name
- `filesystem` (String) Name of the filesystem the directory links to.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the directory to snapshot

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `context` (String) Name of fleet member on which to perform the operation. This requires the array receiving the request is a member of a fleet and the context name to be a member of the same fleet.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `eradicate` (Boolean) Define whether to eradicate the snapshot on delete or leave in trash
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `keep_for` (Number) Retention period, after which snapshots will be eradicated Specify in seconds. Range 300 - 31536000 (5 minutes to 1 year) Value of 0 will set no retention period. If not specified on create will default to 0 (no retention period)
- `new_client` (String) The new client name when performing a rename
- `new_suffix` (String) The new suffix when performing a rename
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rename` (Boolean) Whether to rename a directory snapshot The snapshot client name and suffix can be changed Required with *new_client* ans *new_suffix*
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Define whether the directory snapshot should exist or not.
- `suffix` (String) Snapshot suffix to use
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
