---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_snap Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_snap (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the source volume.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `context` (String) Name of fleet member on which to perform the operation. This requires the array receiving the request is a member of a fleet and the context name to be a member of the same fleet.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `eradicate` (Boolean) Define whether to eradicate the snapshot on delete or leave in trash.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_repl` (Boolean) Only valid for Purity//FA 6.1 or higher If set to true, allow destruction/eradication of snapshots in use by replication. If set to false, allow destruction/eradication of snapshots not in use by replication
- `offload` (String) Only valid for Purity//FA 6.1 or higher Name of offload target for the snapshot. Target can be either another FlashArray or an Offload Target This is only applicable for creation, deletion and eradication of snapshots *state* of *copy* is not supported.
- `overwrite` (Boolean) Define whether to overwrite existing volume when creating from snapshot.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Define whether the volume snapshot should exist or not.
- `suffix` (String) Suffix of snapshot name.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target` (String) Name of target volume if creating from snapshot. Name of new snapshot suffix if renaming a snapshot
- `throttle` (Boolean) If set to true, allows snapshot to fail if array health is not optimal.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
