---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_host Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_host (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the host. Note that hostnames are case-sensitive however FlashArray hostnames are unique and ignore case - you cannot have *hosta* and *hostA* Multi-host support available from Purity//FA 6.0.0 *****NOTE***** Manual deletion of individual hosts created using multi-host will cause idempotency to fail Multi-host support only exists for host creation

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `context` (String) Name of fleet member on which to perform the operation. This requires the array receiving the request is a member of a fleet and the context name to be a member of the same fleet.
- `count` (Number) Number of hosts to be created in a multiple host creation Only supported from Purity//FA v6.0.0 and higher
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `digits` (Number) Number of digits to use for multiple host count. This will pad the index number with zeros where necessary Only supported from Purity//FA v6.0.0 and higher Range is between 1 and 10
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host_password` (String) Sets the host password for CHAP authentication Password length between 12 and 255 characters To clear the username/password pair use *clear* as the password SETTING A PASSWORD IS NON-IDEMPOTENT
- `host_user` (String) Sets the host user name for CHAP authentication Required with *host_password* To clear the username/password pair use *clear* as the password
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `iqn` (String) List of IQNs of the host.
- `lun` (Number) LUN ID to assign to volume for host. Must be unique. If not provided the ID will be automatically assigned. Range for LUN ID is 1 to 4095.
- `modify_resource_access` (String) Describes how to modify a resource accesses of a resource when that resource is moved. The none value indicates that no resource access should be modified. The create value is used when a resource is moving out of a realm into the array and it needs to create a resource access of the moved resource to the realm from which it is moving. The delete value is used when a resource that is moving from an array into a realm already has a resource access into that realm.
- `move` (String) Move a host in and out of a local member realm(s) or local array Provide the name of realm(s) to move to To move to the local array, specify `local` Host cannot have connected volume(s) for move operation
- `nqn` (String) List of NQNs of the host. Note that NMVe hosts can only possess NQNs. Multi-protocol is not allowed for these hosts.
- `personality` (String) Define which operating system the host is. Recommended for ActiveCluster integration.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `preferred_array` (String) List of preferred arrays in an ActiveCluster environment. To remove existing preferred arrays from the host, specify *delete*.
- `protocol` (String) Defines the host connection protocol for volumes. DEPRECATED No longer a necessary parameter
- `rename` (String) The name to rename to. Note that hostnames are case-sensitive however FlashArray hostnames are unique and ignore case - you cannot have *hosta* and *hostA*
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `start` (Number) Number at which to start the multiple host creation index Only supported from Purity//FA v6.0.0 and higher
- `state` (String) Define whether the host should exist or not. When removing host all connected volumes will be disconnected.
- `suffix` (String) Suffix string, if required, for multiple host create Host names will be formed as *<name>#<suffix>*, where *#* is a placeholder for the host index See associated descriptions Suffix string is optional Only supported from Purity//FA v6.0.0 and higher
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_password` (String) Sets the target password for CHAP authentication Password length between 12 and 255 characters To clear the username/password pair use *clear* as the password SETTING A PASSWORD IS NON-IDEMPOTENT
- `target_user` (String) Sets the target user name for CHAP authentication Required with *target_password* To clear the username/password pair use *clear* as the password
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vlan` (String) The VLAN ID that the host is associated with. If not set or set to *any*, the host can access any VLAN. If set to *untagged*, the host can only access untagged VLANs. If set to a number between 1 and 4094, the host can only access the specified VLAN with that number.
- `volume` (String) Volume name to map to the host.
- `wwns` (String) List of wwns of the host.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
