---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_snmp_agent Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_snmp_agent (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_passphrase` (String) SNMP v3 only. Passphrade used by Purity//FA to authenticate the array wit hthe specified managers. Must be between 8 and 63 non-space ASCII characters.
- `auth_protocol` (String) SNMP v3 only. Encryption protocol to use To remove the privacy and auth protocols set *state* to *absent* with *version* set to *v3*
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `community` (String) SNMP v2c only. Manager community ID under which Purity//FA is to communicate with the specified managers. To remove the string set *state* to *absent* with *version* set to *v2c*
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `privacy_passphrase` (String) SNMP v3 only. Passphrase to encrypt SNMP messages. Must be between 8 and 63 non-space ASCII characters.
- `privacy_protocol` (String) SNMP v3 only. Encryption protocol to use To remove the privacy and auth protocols set *state* to *absent* with *version* set to *v3*
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Used to set or clear the SNMP v2c community string or the SNMP v3 auth and privacy protocols.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user` (String) SNMP v3 only. User ID which must be between 1 and 32 characters.
- `version` (String) Version of SNMP protocol to use for the manager.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
