---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_hg Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_hg (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the hostgroup.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `context` (String) Name of fleet member on which to perform the operation. This requires the array receiving the request is a member of a fleet and the context name to be a member of the same fleet.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `eradicate` (Boolean) Whether to eradicate a deleted host group or not
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host` (String) List of existing hosts to add to hostgroup. Note that hostnames are case-sensitive however FlashArray hostnames are unique and ignore case - you cannot have *hosta* and *hostA*
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lun` (Number) LUN ID to assign to volume for hostgroup. Must be unique. Only applicable when only one volume is specified for connection. If not provided the ID will be automatically assigned. Range for LUN ID is 1 to 4095.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rename` (String) New name of hostgroup
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Define whether the hostgroup should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `volume` (String) List of existing volumes to add to hostgroup. Note that volumes are case-sensitive however FlashArray volume names are unique and ignore case - you cannot have *volumea* and *volumeA*

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
