---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flashblade_purefb_apiclient Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flashblade_purefb_apiclient (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the API Client

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) State of the API Client Key
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `issuer` (String) The name of the identity provider that will be issuing ID Tokens for this API client If not specified, defaults to the API client name, *name*.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `public_key` (String) The API clients PEM formatted (Base64 encoded) RSA public key. Include the *—–BEGIN PUBLIC KEY—–* and *—–END PUBLIC KEY—–* lines
- `role` (String) The maximum role allowed for ID Tokens issued by this API client
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Define whether the API client should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `token_ttl` (Number) Time To Live length in seconds for the exchanged access token Range is 1 second to 1 day (86400 seconds)
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
