---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flashblade_purefb_ds Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flashblade_purefb_ds (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dstype` (String) The type of directory service to work on
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `base_dn` (String) Sets the base of the Distinguished Name (DN) of the directory service groups. The base should consist of only Domain Components (DCs). The base_dn will populate with a default value when a URI is entered by parsing domain components from the URI. The base DN should specify DC= for each domain component and multiple DCs should be separated by commas.
- `bind_password` (String) Sets the password of the bind_user user name account.
- `bind_user` (String) Sets the user name that can be used to bind to and query the directory. For Active Directory, enter the username - often referred to as sAMAccountName or User Logon Name - of the account that is used to perform directory lookups. For OpenLDAP, enter the full DN of the user.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable` (Boolean) Whether to enable or disable directory service support.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_bind_password` (Boolean) Will force the bind password to be reset even if the bind user password is unchanged. If set to *false* and *bind_user* is unchanged the password will not be reset.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `join_ou` (String) The optional organizational unit (OU) where the machine account for the directory service will be created.
- `nfs_server` (String) Name of the internal server Only required if *nfs* is the *dstype*
- `nis_domain` (String) The NIS domain to search This cannot be used in conjunction with LDAP configurations.
- `nis_servers` (String) A list of up to 30 IP addresses or FQDNs for NIS servers. This cannot be used in conjunction with LDAP configurations.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create, delete or test directory service configuration
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uri` (String) A list of up to 30 URIs of the directory servers. Each URI must include the scheme ldap:// or ldaps:// (for LDAP over SSL), a hostname, and a domain name or IP address. For example, ldap://ad.company.com configures the directory service with the hostname "ad" in the domain "company.com" while specifying the unencrypted LDAP protocol.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
