---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_smtp Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_smtp (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `body_prefix` (String) Optional string added to the beginning of the email body when sending alert email messages. HTML tags are not allowed.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encryption_mode` (String) Enforces an encryption mode when sending alert email messages. Use empty string to clear.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) The SMTP password.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `relay_host` (String) IPv4 or IPv6 address or FQDN. A port number may be appended.
- `sender` (String) The local-part of the email address used when sending alert email messages.
- `sender_domain` (String) Domain name.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Set or delete SMTP configuration
- `subject_prefix` (String) Optional string added to the beginning of the subject when sending alert email messages. HTML tags are not allowed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user` (String) The SMTP username.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
