---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_connect Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_connect (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `target_url` (String) Management IP address of remote array.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connection` (String) Type of connection between arrays.
- `context` (String) Name of fleet member on which to perform the operation. This requires the array receiving the request is a member of a fleet and the context name to be a member of the same fleet.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `encrypted` (Boolean) Defines if the array connection will be encrypted
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `refresh` (Boolean) Array will attempt to communicate with the connection peer in order to update the connection attributes on both arrays with any changes that have occurred. If set to true, other array connection attributes will not be modified.
- `renew_key` (Boolean) Update array connection with a new encryption key. If set to true, other array connection attributes will not be modified.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or delete array connection
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target_api` (String) API token for target array
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `transport` (String) Type of transport protocol to use for replication
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
