---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_pg Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_pg (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the protection group.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `context` (String) Name of fleet member on which to perform the operation. This requires the array receiving the request is a member of a fleet and the context name to be a member of the same fleet.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Define whether to enabled snapshots for the protection group.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `eradicate` (Boolean) Define whether to eradicate the protection group on delete and leave in trash.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host` (String) List of existing hosts to add to protection group. Note that hostnames are case-sensitive however FlashArray hostnames are unique and ignore case - you cannot have *hosta* and *hostA*
- `hostgroup` (String) List of existing hostgroups to add to protection group. Note that hostgroups are case-sensitive however FlashArray hostgroup names are unique and ignore case - you cannot have *groupa* and *groupA*
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `rename` (String) Rename a protection group If the source protection group is in a Pod or Volume Group 'container' you only need to provide the new protection group name in the same 'container'
- `safe_mode` (Boolean) Enables SafeMode restrictions on the protection group **Once set disabling this can only be performed by Pure Technical Support**
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Define whether the protection group should exist or not. If specified with *volume* or *host* or *hostgroup* will act on those items in the protection group only.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target` (String) List of remote arrays or offload target for replication protection group to connect to. Note that all replicated protection groups are asynchronous. Target arrays or offload targets must already be connected to the source array. Maximum number of targets per Portection Group is 4, assuming your configuration suppors this.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `volume` (String) List of existing volumes to add to protection group. Note that volume are case-sensitive however FlashArray volume names are unique and ignore case - you cannot have *volumea* and *volumeA*

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
