---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_network Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_network (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Interface name (physical or virtual).

### Optional

- `address` (String) IPv4 or IPv6 address of interface in CIDR notation. To remove an IP address from a non-management port use 0.0.0.0/0
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) State of the network interface
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gateway` (String) IPv4 or IPv6 address of interface gateway.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interface` (String) Type of interface to create if subinterfaces is supplied
- `mtu` (Number) MTU size of the interface. Range is 1280 to 9216.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `servicelist` (String) Assigns the specified (comma-separated) service list to one or more specified interfaces. Replaces the previous service list. Supported service lists depend on whether the network interface is Ethernet or Fibre Channel. Note that *system* is only valid for Cloud Block Store.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of existing interface (on/off).
- `subinterfaces` (String) List of one or more child devices to be added to a VIF interface Only the 'eth' name needs to be provided, such as 'eth6'. This interface on all controllers will be assigned to the interface.
- `subnet` (String) Name of the subnet which interface is to be attached
- `subordinates` (String) List of one or more child devices to be added to a LACP interface Subordinates must be on the same controller, therefore the full device needs to be provided.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
