---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the policy
- `policy` (String) The type of policy to use

### Optional

- `access_based_enumeration` (Boolean) Defines if access based enumeration for SMB is enabled
- `anongid` (String) The ID to which any users whose GID is affected by *access* of *root-squash* or *all-squash* will be mapped to. This is ignored when *user_mapping* is enabled. Clear using "".
- `anonuid` (String) The ID to which any users whose UID is affected by *access* of *root-squash* or *all-squash* will be mapped to. Clear using "".
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client` (String) Specifies which SMB or NFS clients are given access Accepted notation, IP, IP mask, or hostname
- `context` (String) Name of fleet member on which to perform the operation. This requires the array receiving the request is a member of a fleet and the context name to be a member of the same fleet.
- `continuous_availability` (Boolean) Defines if continuous availability on the policy. When continuous availability is enabled on a policy, file shares are accessible during otherwise disruptive scenarios such as temporary network outages, controller upgrades or failovers.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `directory` (String) Directories to have the quota rule applied to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Define if policy is enabled or not
- `enforce_dictionary_check` (Boolean) If *true*, test password against dictionary of known leaked passwords. Only applies to passwords longer than 6 characters.
- `enforce_username_check` (Boolean) If *true*, the username cannot be a substring of the password. It only applies to usernames of 3 characters and longer
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_usage` (Boolean) Flag used to override checks for quota management operations. If set to true, directory usage is not checked against the quota_limits that are set. If set to false, the actual logical bytes in use are prevented from exceeding the limits set on the directory. Client operations might be impacted. If the limit exceeds the quota, the client operation is not allowed.
- `lockout_duration` (Number) Account lockout duration, in seconds, after *max_login_attempts* exceeded Range between 1 second and 90 days (7776000 seconds)
- `max_login_attempts` (Number) Maximum number of failed logins before account is locked
- `min_character_groups` (Number) The minimum number of character groups required to be present in a password.
- `min_characters_per_group` (Number) The minimum number of characters per group to count the group as present. Maximum is limited by the minimum password length divided by the number of character groups
- `min_password_length` (Number) Minimum user password length
- `nfs_access` (String) Specifies access control for the export
- `nfs_permission` (String) Specifies which read-write client access permissions are allowed for the export
- `nfs_version` (String) NFS protocol version allowed for the export
- `password_history` (Number) The number of passwords tracked to prevent reuse of passwords. A value of 0 will not check password history
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `quota_enforced` (Boolean) Defines if the directory quota is enforced.
- `quota_limit` (String) Logical space limit of the share in M, G, T or P units. See examples. If size is not set at filesystem creation time the filesystem size becomes unlimited. This value cannot be set to 0.
- `quota_notifications` (String) Targets to notify when usage approaches the quota limit. The list of notification targets is a comma-separated string If not specified, notification targets are not assigned.
- `rename` (String) New name of policy
- `rule_name` (String) Name of rule to update for a quota policy
- `security` (String) The security flavors to use for accessing files on a mount point. If the server does not support the requested flavor, the mount operation fails. This operation updates all rules of the specified policy.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `smb_anon_allowed` (Boolean) Specifies whether access to information is allowed for anonymous users
- `smb_encrypt` (Boolean) Specifies whether the remote client is required to use SMB encryption
- `snap_at` (String) Specifies the number of hours since midnight at which to take a snapshot or the hour including AM/PM Can only be set on the rule with the smallest *snap_every* value. Cannot be set if the *snap_every* value is not measured in days. Can only be set for at most one rule in the same policy.
- `snap_client_name` (String) The customizable portion of the client visible snapshot name.
- `snap_every` (Number) Specifies the interval between snapshots, in minutes. The value for all rules must be multiples of one another. Must be unique for each rule in the same policy. Value must be between 5 and 525600.
- `snap_keep_for` (Number) Specifies the period that snapshots are retained before they are eradicated, in minutes. Cannot be less than the *snap_every* value of the rule. Value must be unique for each rule in the same policy. Value must be between 5 and 525600.
- `snap_suffix` (String) The snapshot suffix name The suffix value can only be set for one rule in the same policy The suffix value can only be set on a rule with the same ``keep_for`` value and ``every`` value The suffix value can only be set on the rule with the largest ``keep_for`` value If not specified, defaults to a monotonically increasing number generated by the system.
- `state` (String) Define whether the policy should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_mapping` (Boolean) Defines if user mapping is enabled

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
