---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_vg Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_vg (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the volume group. Multi-volume-group support available from Purity//FA 6.0.0 *****NOTE***** Manual deletion or eradication of individual volume groups created using multi-volume-group will cause idempotency to fail Multi-volume-group support only exists for volume group creation

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bw_qos` (String) Bandwidth limit for vgroup in M or G units. M will set MB/s G will set GB/s To clear an existing QoS setting use 0 (zero)
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `context` (String) Name of fleet member on which to perform the operation. This requires the array receiving the request is a member of a fleet and the context name to be a member of the same fleet.
- `count` (Number) Number of volume groups to be created in a multiple volume group creation Only supported from Purity//FA v6.0.0 and higher
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `digits` (Number) Number of digits to use for multiple volume group count. This will pad the index number with zeros where necessary Only supported from Purity//FA v6.0.0 and higher Range is between 1 and 10
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `eradicate` (Boolean) Define whether to eradicate the volume group on delete and leave in trash.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `iops_qos` (String) IOPs limit for vgroup - use value or K or M K will mean 1000 M will mean 1000000 To clear an existing IOPs setting use 0 (zero)
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `priority_operator` (String) DMM Priority Adjustment operator
- `priority_value` (Number) DMM Priority Adjustment value
- `rename` (String) Value to rename the specified volume group to
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `start` (Number) Number at which to start the multiple volume group creation index Only supported from Purity//FA v6.0.0 and higher
- `state` (String) Define whether the volume group should exist or not.
- `suffix` (String) Suffix string, if required, for multiple volume group create Volume group names will be formed as *<name>#I<suffix>*, where *#* is a placeholder for the volume index See associated descriptions Only supported from Purity//FA v6.0.0 and higher
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
