---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_realm Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_realm (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the realm. This has to be unique and not equal to any existing realm or pod.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bw_qos` (String) Bandwidth limit for realm in M or G units. M will set MB/s G will set GB/s To clear an existing QoS setting use 0 (zero)
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_contents` (Boolean) This enables you to eradicate realms with contents.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `eradicate` (Boolean) Define whether to eradicate the realm on delete or leave in trash.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_usage` (Boolean) Flag used to override checks for quota management operations. If set to true, realm usage is not checked against the quota_limits that are set. If set to false, the actual logical bytes in use are prevented from exceeding the limits set in the realm. Client operations might be impacted. If the limit exceeds the quota, the operation is not allowed.
- `iops_qos` (String) IOPs limit for realm - use value or K or M K will mean 1000 M will mean 1000000 To clear an existing IOPs setting use 0 (zero)
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `quota` (String) Logical quota limit of the realm in K, M, G, T or P units, or bytes. This must be a multiple of 512.
- `rename` (String) Value to rename the specified realm to This has to be unique and not equal to any existing realm or pods.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Define whether the realm should exist or not.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
