---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flashblade_purefb_ad Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flashblade_purefb_ad (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the AD account

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `computer` (String) The common name of the computer account to be created in the Active Directory domain. If not specified, defaults to the name of the Active Directory configuration.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `directory_servers` (String) A list of directory servers that will be used for lookups related to user authorization Accepted server formats are IP address and DNS name All specified servers must be registered to the domain appropriately in the array configured DNS and will only be communicated with over the secure LDAP (LDAPS) protocol. If not specified, servers are resolved for the domain in DNS The specified list can have a maximum length of 5. If more are provided only the first 5 are used.
- `domain` (String) The Active Directory domain to join
- `encryption` (String) The encryption types that will be supported for use by clients for Kerberos authentication
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `existing` (Boolean) Does the account *name* already exist in the AD environment
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `global_catalog_servers` (String) A list of global catalog servers that will be used for lookups related to user authorization. Accepted server formats are IP address and DNS name with optional @domain suffix. If the suffix is ommited, the joined domain is assumed. All specified servers must be registered to the domain appropriately in the arrays configured DNS and will only be communicated with over the secure LDAP (LDAPS) protocol.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `join_ou` (String) Location where the Computer account will be created. e.g. OU=Arrays,OU=Storage. If left empty, defaults to **CN=Computers**.
- `kerberos_servers` (String) A list of key distribution servers to use for Kerberos protocol Accepted server formats are IP address and DNS name All specified servers must be registered to the domain appropriately in the array configured DNS. If not specified, servers are resolved for the domain in DNS. The specified list can have a maximum length of 5. If more are provided only the first 5 are used.
- `local_only` (Boolean) Do a local-only delete of an active directory account
- `password` (String) Password string for *username*
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `server` (String) Name of the local array server into which the AD account is added Do not provide if the AD account is to connect to the default server
- `service` (String) Service protocol for Active Directory principals This parameter is now IGNORED. Refer to FlashBlade User Guide for more details Use the *service_principals* parameter instead to correctly define the service type to be used for each principal.
- `service_principals` (String) A list of SPNs for registering services with the domain. The service must be provided with the FQDN. See examples below. If not specified **Computer Name.Domain** is used
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Define whether the AD sccount is deleted or not Test state will perform a test against the suppied account name Rotate will force a keytab rotation for the specified account
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) A user capable of creating a computer account within the domain

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
