---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_pgsnap Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_pgsnap (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the source protection group.

### Optional

- `add_to_pgs` (String) A volume created from a snapshot will be added to the specified protection groups
- `apply_retention` (Boolean) Apply retention schedule settings to the snapshot
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `context` (String) Name of fleet member on which to perform the operation. This requires the array receiving the request is a member of a fleet and the context name to be a member of the same fleet.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `eradicate` (Boolean) Define whether to eradicate the snapshot on delete or leave in trash.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `now` (Boolean) Whether to initiate a snapshot of the protection group immeadiately
- `offload` (String) Name of offload target on which the snapshot exists. This is only applicable for deletion and erasure of snapshots
- `overwrite` (Boolean) Define whether to overwrite the target volume if it already exists.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remote` (Boolean) Force immeadiate snapshot to remote targets
- `restore` (String) Restore a specific volume from a protection group snapshot. The protection group name is not required. Only provide the name of the volume to be restored.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Define whether the protection group snapshot should exist or not. Copy (added in 2.7) will create a full read/write clone of the snapshot.
- `suffix` (String) Suffix of snapshot name. Special case. If *latest* the module will select the latest snapshot created in the group
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target` (String) Volume to restore a specified volume to. If not supplied this will default to the volume defined in *restore* Name of new snapshot suffix if renaming a snapshot
- `throttle` (Boolean) If set to true, allows snapshot to fail if array health is not optimal.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `with_default_protection` (Boolean) Whether to add the default container protection groups to those specified in *add_to_pgs* as the inital protection of a volume created from a snapshot.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `snapshot` (String) Suffix of the created protection group snapshot.
