---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flashblade_purefb_bucket Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flashblade_purefb_bucket (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account` (String) Object Store Account for Bucket.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Bucket Name.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `block_new_public_policies` (Boolean) If set to true, adding bucket policies that grant public access to a bucket is not allowed.
- `block_public_access` (Boolean) If set to true, access to a bucket with a public policy is restricted to only authenticated users within the account that bucket belongs to.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `context` (String) Name of fleet member on which to perform the operation. This requires the array receiving the request is a member of a fleet and the context name to be a member of the same fleet.
- `default_retention` (String) The retention period, in days, used to apply locks on new objects if none is specified by the S3 client Valid values between 1 and 365000 Use "" to clear
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `eradicate` (Boolean) Define whether to eradicate the bucket on delete or leave in trash.
- `eradication_delay` (Number) Minimum eradication delay in days. Automatically eradicate destroyed buckets after the delay time passes unless automatic eradication is delayed due to other configuration values. Valid values are integer days from 1 to 30. Default is 1.
- `eradication_mode` (String) The eradication mode of the bucket.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `freeze_locked_objects` (Boolean) If set to true, a locked object will be read-only and no new versions of the object may be created due to modifications After enabling, can be disabled only by contacting Pure Technical Services
- `hard_limit` (Boolean) Whether the *quota* value is enforced or not. If not provided the object store account default value will be used.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `manual_eradication` (Boolean) The manual eradication status of the bucket. If false, the bucket cannot be eradicated after it has been destroyed, unless it is empty. If true, the bucket can be eradicated.
- `mode` (String) The type of bucket to be created. Also referred to a VSO Mode. *multi-site-writable* type can only be used after feature is enabled by Pure Technical Support
- `object_lock_enabled` (Boolean) If set to true, then S3 APIs relating to object lock may be used
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `quota` (String) The effective quota limit applied against the size of the bucket. User byte quota in B, K, M, G, T or P units. Range must be between 1 byte and 9.22 exabytes. Setting to 0 will allow the bucket size to be unlimited.
- `retention_lock` (String) Set retention lock level for the bucket Once set to *ratcheted* can only be lowered by Pure Technical Services
- `retention_mode` (String) The retention mode used to apply locks on new objects if none is specified by the S3 client *safemode* is available if global Per-Bucket Safemode config is enabled Use "" to clear Once set to *compliance* this can only be changed by contacting Pure Technical Services
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create, delete or modifies a bucket.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `versioning` (String) State of S3 bucket versioning

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
