---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flashblade_purefb_s3acc Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flashblade_purefb_s3acc (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of object store account

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `block_new_public_policies` (Boolean) If set to true, adding bucket policies that grant public access to a bucket is not allowed.
- `block_public_access` (Boolean) If set to true, access to a bucket with a public policy is restricted to only authenticated users within the account that bucket belongs to.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `context` (String) Name of fleet member on which to perform the operation. This requires the array receiving the request is a member of a fleet and the context name to be a member of the same fleet.
- `default_hard_limit` (Boolean) The value of this field will be used to configure the *hard_limit* field of newly created buckets associated with this object store account, if the bucket creation does not specify its own value.
- `default_quota` (String) The value of this field will be used to configure the *quota_limit* field of newly created buckets associated with this object store account, if the bucket creation does not specify its own value. Values can be entered as K, M, T or P If set to '' (empty string), the bucket default is unlimited in size.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `hard_limit` (Boolean) If set to true, the account size, as defined by *quota_limit*, is used as a hard limit quota. If set to false, a hard limit quota will not be applied to the account, but soft quota alerts will still be sent if the account has a value set for *quota_limit*.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `quota` (String) The effective quota limit to be applied against the size of the account in bytes. Values can be entered as K, M, T or P If set to '' (empty string), the account is unlimited in size.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Create or delete object store account
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
