---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_volume Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_volume (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the volume. Volume could be created in a POD with this syntax POD_NAME::VOLUME_NAME. Volume could be created in a volume group with this syntax VG_NAME/VOLUME_NAME. Multi-volume support available from Purity//FA 6.0.0 *****NOTE***** Manual deletion or eradication of individual volumes created using multi-volume will cause idempotency to fail Multi-volume support only exists for volume creation

### Optional

- `add_to_pgs` (String) A new volume will be added to the specified protection groups on creation
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bw_qos` (String) Bandwidth limit for volume in M or G units. M will set MB/s G will set GB/s To clear an existing QoS setting use 0 (zero)
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `context` (String) Name of fleet member on which to perform the operation. This requires the array receiving the request is a member of a fleet and the context name to be a member of the same fleet.
- `count` (Number) Number of volumes to be created in a multiple volume creation Only supported from Purity//FA v6.0.0 and higher
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `digits` (Number) Number of digits to use for multiple volume count. This will pad the index number with zeros where necessary Only supported from Purity//FA v6.0.0 and higher Range is between 1 and 10
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name竊致alue).
- `eradicate` (Boolean) Define whether to eradicate the volume on delete or leave in trash.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `iops_qos` (String) IOPs limit for volume - use value or K or M K will mean 1000 M will mean 1000000 To clear an existing IOPs setting use 0 (zero)
- `move` (String) Move a volume in and out of a pod or vgroup Provide the name of pod or vgroup to move the volume to Pod and Vgroup names must be unique in the array To move to the local array, specify `local` This is not idempotent - use `ignore_errors` in the play
- `overwrite` (Boolean) Define whether to overwrite a target volume if it already exisits.
- `pgroup` (String) Name of exisitng, not deleted, protection group to add volume to Only application for volume(s) creation Superceeded from Purity//FA 6.3.4 by *add_to_pgs*
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `priority_operator` (String) DMM Priority Adjustment operator
- `priority_value` (Number) DMM Priority Adjustment value
- `promotion_state` (String) Promote or demote the volume so that the volume starts or stops accepting write requests.
- `rename` (String) Value to rename the specified volume to. Rename only applies to the container the current volumes is in. There is no requirement to specify the pod or vgroup name as this is implied.
- `size` (String) Volume size in M, G, T or P units.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `start` (Number) Number at which to start the multiple volume creation index Only supported from Purity//FA v6.0.0 and higher
- `state` (String) Define whether the volume should exist or not.
- `suffix` (String) Suffix string, if required, for multiple volume create Volume names will be formed as *<name>#I<suffix>*, where *#* is a placeholder for the volume index See associated descriptions Only supported from Purity//FA v6.0.0 and higher
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target` (String) The name of the target volume, if copying.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `with_default_protection` (Boolean) Whether to add the default container protection groups to those specified in *add_to_pgs* as the inital protection of a new volume.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `volume` (String) A dictionary describing the changed volume.  Only some attributes below will be returned with various actions.
