---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flashblade_purefb_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flashblade_purefb_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `access` (String) Specifies access control for the export policy rule
- `account` (String) Name of Object Store account policy applies to. **Special Case** *pure policy* is used for the system-wide S3 policies
- `actions` (String) List of permissions to grant. System-wide policy rules cannot be deleted or modified
- `anongid` (String) Any user whose GID is affected by an *access* of `root_squash` or `all_squash` will have their GID mapped to anongid. The default anongid is null, which means 65534. Use "" to clear.
- `anonuid` (String) Any user whose UID is affected by an *access* of `root_squash` or `all_squash` will have their UID mapped to anonuid. The default is null, which means 65534. Use "" to clear.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `at` (String) Provide a time in 12-hour AM/PM format, eg. 11AM
- `atime` (Boolean) After a read operation has occurred, the inode access time is updated only if any of the following conditions is true; the previous access time is less than the inode modify time, the previous access time is less than the inode change time, or the previous access time is more than 24 hours ago. If set to false, disables the update of inode access times after read operations.
- `before_rule` (Number) The index of the client rule to insert or move a client rule before.
- `change` (String) The state of the SMB share principals Change access permission. Setting to "" will clear the current setting
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `client` (String) Specifies the clients that will be permitted to access the export. Accepted notation is a single IP address, subnet in CIDR notation, netgroup, or anonymous (*).
- `context` (String) Name of fleet member on which to perform the operation. This requires the array receiving the request is a member of a fleet and the context name to be a member of the same fleet.
- `default_retention` (String) The retention period used for committing files to WORM status. Will be applied if no access time is provided, or the access time is less than the current server time. Between *min_retention* and *max_retention* periods. Valid values are weeks (w), days(d), hours(h), minutes(m) and seconds(s).
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `desc` (String) A description of an object store policy, optionally specified when the policy is created. Cannot be modified for an existing policy.
- `destroy_snapshots` (Boolean) This parameter must be set to true in order to modify a policy such that local or remote snapshots would be destroyed.
- `effect` (String) Allow S3 requests that match all of the *actions* item selected. Rules are additive.
- `enabled` (Boolean) State of policy
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `every` (Number) Interval between snapshots in seconds Range available 300 - 31536000 (equates to 5m to 365d)
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `fileid_32bit` (Boolean) Whether the file id is 32 bits or not.
- `filesystem` (String) List of filesystems to add to a policy on creation To amend policy members use the *purestorage.flashblade.purefb_fs* module
- `force_delete` (Boolean) Force the deletion of a Object Store Access Policy is this has attached users. WARNING This can have undesired side-effects. System-wide policies cannot be deleted
- `full_control` (String) The state of the SMB share principals Full Control access permission. Setting to "" will clear the current setting
- `ignore_enforcement` (Boolean) Certain combinations of actions and other rule elements are inherently ignored if specified together in a rule. If set to true, operations which attempt to set these combinations will fail. If set to false, such operations will instead be allowed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `interfaces` (String) Specifies which product interfaces the network access policy rule applies to, whether it is permitting or denying access.
- `keep_for` (Number) How long to keep snapshots for Range available 300 - 31536000 (equates to 5m to 365d) Must not be set less than *every*
- `max_retention` (String) The maximum retention period of the WORM file system. Between 1 second and 100 years. Cannot be less than the *min_retention*. Valid values are weeks (w), days(d), hours(h), minutes(m) and seconds(s).
- `min_retention` (String) The minimum retention period of the WORM file system. Between 1 second and 100 years. Cannot be greater than the *max_retention*. Valid values are weeks (w), days(d), hours(h), minutes(m) and seconds(s).
- `name` (String) Name of the policy
- `object_resources` (String) List of bucket names and object paths, with a wildcard (*) to specify objects in a bucket; e.g., bucket1, bucket1/*, bucket2, bucket2/*. System-wide policy rules cannot be deleted or modified
- `permission` (String) Specifies which read-write client access permissions are allowed for the export.
- `policy_type` (String) Type of policy
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `principal` (String) The user or group who is the subject of this rule, and their domain
- `read` (String) The state of the SMB share principals Read access permission. Setting to "" will clear the current setting
- `rename` (String) New name for policy Only applies to NFS and SMB policies
- `replica_link` (String) List of filesystem replica links to add to a policy on creation To amend policy members use the *purestorage.flashblade.purefb_fs_replica* module
- `retention_lock` (String) State of policy attributes after creation. If set to *locked* then values of the policy attributes are not allowed to change. If set to *locked* then values of the policy attributes can be changed. Changing from *unlocked* to *locked* is allowed, but to change from *locked* to *unlocked* will require support from Pure Storage Technical Services.
- `rule` (String) Name of the rule for the Object Store Access Policy Rules in system wide policies cannot be deleted or modified
- `s3_delimiters` (String) List of delimiter characters allowed in object list requests. Grants permissions to list 'folder names' (prefixes ending in a delimiter) instead of object keys. System-wide policy rules cannot be deleted or modified
- `s3_prefixes` (String) List of 'folders' (object key prefixes) for which object listings may be requested. System-wide policy rules cannot be deleted or modified
- `secure` (Boolean) If true, this prevents NFS access to client connections coming from non-reserved ports. If false, allows NFS access to client connections coming from non-reserved ports. Applies to NFSv3, NFSv4.1, and auxiliary protocols MOUNT and NLM.
- `security` (String) The security flavors to use for accessing files on this mount point. If the server does not support the requested flavor, the mount operation fails. *sys* trusts the client to specify users identity. *krb* provides cryptographic proof of a users identity in each RPC request. *krb5i* adds integrity checking to krb5, to ensure the data has not been tampered with. *krb5p* adds integrity checking and encryption to krb5.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `smb_encryption` (String) The status of SMB encryption in a client policy rule
- `source_ips` (String) List of IPs and subnets from which this rule should allow requests; e.g., 10.20.30.40, 10.20.30.0/24, 2001:DB8:1234:5678::/64. System-wide policy rules cannot be deleted or modified
- `state` (String) Create or delete policy. Copy is applicable only to Object Store Access Policies Rules
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `target` (String) Name of policy to copy rule to
- `target_rule` (String) Name of the rule to copy the exisitng rule to. If not defined the existing rule name is used.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timezone` (String) Time Zone used for the *at* parameter If not provided, the module will attempt to get the current local timezone from the server
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user` (String) User in the *account* that the policy is granted to.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
