---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_workload Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_purestorage_flasharray_purefa_workload (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the workload.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `context` (String) Name of fleet member on which to perform the workload operation. This requires the array receiving the request is a member of a fleet and the context name to be a member of the same fleet.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `eradicate` (Boolean) whether to eradicate a workload
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host` (String) Host to connect to the workload after provisioning
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `placement` (String) name of target on which the workload will be deployed
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `preset` (String) name of existing preset to use as the basis of the workload
- `recommendation` (Boolean) whether to use the Fusion placement recommendation based on the workload preset definitions. This will use the first recommended placement if more than one is available
- `rename` (String) new name for a workload
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Define whether to create or delete a fleet workload. Using the expand option will add volume(s) to the workload. If absent is specified together with a host, rather than deleting the workload, the host will be disconnected from the workload
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `volume_configuration` (String) Name of the volume configuration to use for adding volumes to a workload
- `volume_count` (Number) Number of additional volumes to add to an existing workload

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
