---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_reboot Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_reboot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `boot_time_command` (String) Command to run that returns a unique string indicating the last time the system was booted. Setting this to a command that has different output each time it is run will cause the task to fail.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connect_timeout` (Number) Maximum seconds to wait for a successful connection to the managed hosts before trying again. If unspecified, the default setting for the underlying connection plugin is used.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (Map of String) Environment variables set for the task (map of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `msg` (String) Message to display to users before reboot.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `post_reboot_delay` (Number) Seconds to wait after the reboot command was successful before attempting to validate the system rebooted successfully. This is useful if you want wait for something to settle despite your connection already working.
- `pre_reboot_delay` (Number) Seconds to wait before reboot. Passed as a parameter to the reboot command. On Linux, macOS and OpenBSD, this is converted to minutes and rounded down. If less than 60, it will be set to 0. On Solaris and FreeBSD, this will be seconds.
- `reboot_command` (String) Command to run that reboots the system, including any parameters passed to the command. Can be an absolute path to the command or just the command name. If an absolute path to the command is not given, `search_paths` on the target system will be searched to find the absolute path. This will cause `pre_reboot_delay`, `post_reboot_delay`, and `msg` to be ignored.
- `reboot_timeout` (Number) Maximum seconds to wait for machine to reboot and respond to a test command. This timeout is evaluated separately for both reboot verification and test command success so the maximum execution time for the module is twice this amount.
- `search_paths` (String) Paths to search on the remote machine for the `shutdown` command. *Only* these paths will be searched for the `shutdown` command. `PATH` is ignored in the remote node when searching for the `shutdown` command.
- `test_command` (String) Command to run on the rebooted host and expect success from to determine the machine is ready for further tasks.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (Map of String) Arbitrary map of string values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `elapsed` (Number) The number of seconds that elapsed waiting for the system to be rebooted.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `rebooted` (Boolean) true if the machine was rebooted
