---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_service Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_service (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the service.

### Optional

- `arguments` (String) Additional arguments provided on the command line. While using remote hosts with systemd this setting will be ignored.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the service should start on boot. At least one of `state` and `enabled` are required.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `pattern` (String) If the service does not respond to the status command, name a substring to look for as would be found in the output of the `ps` command as a stand-in for a status result. If the string is found, the service will be assumed to be started. While using remote hosts with systemd this setting will be ignored.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `runlevel` (String) For OpenRC init scripts (e.g. Gentoo) only. The runlevel that this service belongs to. While using remote hosts with systemd this setting will be ignored.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sleep` (Number) If the service is being `restarted` then sleep this many seconds between the stop and start command. This helps to work around badly-behaving init scripts that exit immediately after signaling a process to stop. Not all service managers support sleep, i.e when using systemd this setting will be ignored.
- `state` (String) `started`/`stopped` are idempotent actions that will not run commands unless necessary. `restarted` will always bounce the service. `reloaded` will always reload. At least one of `state` and `enabled` are required. Note that `reloaded` will start the service if it is not already started, even if your chosen init system wouldn't normally.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use` (String) The service module actually uses system specific modules, normally through auto detection, this setting can force a specific module. Normally it uses the value of the `ansible_service_mgr` fact and falls back to the `ansible.legacy.service` module when none matching is found. The 'old service module' still uses autodetection and in no way does it correspond to the `service` command.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
