---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_shell Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_shell (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `chdir` (String) Change into this directory before running the command.
- `cmd` (String) The command to run followed by optional arguments.
- `creates` (String) A filename, when it already exists, this step will **not** be run.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (Map of String) Environment variables set for the task (map of name→value).
- `executable` (String) Change the shell used to execute the command. This expects an absolute path to the executable.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `free_form` (String) The shell module takes a free form command to run, as a string. There is no actual parameter named 'free form'. See the examples on how to use this module.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `removes` (String) A filename, when it does not exist, this step will **not** be run.
- `stdin` (String) Set the stdin of the command directly to the specified value.
- `stdin_add_newline` (Boolean) Whether to append a newline to stdin data.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (Map of String) Arbitrary map of string values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `delta` (String) The command execution delta time.
- `end` (String) The command execution end time.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (Boolean) changed
- `rc` (Number) The command return code (0 means success).
- `start` (String) The command execution start time.
- `stderr` (String) The command standard error.
- `stderr_lines` (String) The command standard error split in lines.
- `stdout` (String) The command standard output.
- `stdout_lines` (String) The command standard output split in lines.
