---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_splunk_es_splunk_data_inputs_monitor Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_splunk_es_splunk_data_inputs_monitor (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config` (String) Configure file and directory monitoring on the system
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `running_config` (String) The module, by default, will connect to the remote device and retrieve the current running-config to use as a base for comparing against the contents of source. There are times when it is not desirable to have the task get the current running-config for every task in a playbook.  The *running_config* argument allows the implementer to pass in the configuration to use as the base config for comparison. This value of this option should be the output received from device by executing command.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state the configuration should be left in
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `after` (String) The configuration as structured data after module completion.
- `before` (String) The configuration as structured data prior to module invocation.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
