---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_stat Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_stat (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `path` (String) The full path of the file/object to get the facts of.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `follow` (Boolean) Whether to follow symlinks.
- `get_attributes` (Boolean) Get file attributes using lsattr tool if present.
- `get_checksum` (String)
- `get_mime` (Boolean) Use file magic and return data about the nature of the file. This uses the C(file) utility found on most Linux/Unix systems. This will add both RV(stat.mimetype) and RV(stat.charset) fields to the return, if possible. In Ansible 2.3 this option changed from O(mime) to O(get_mime) and the default changed to V(true).
- `get_selinux_context` (Boolean) Get file SELinux context in a list V([user, role, type, range]), and will get V([None, None, None, None]) if it is not possible to retrieve the context, either because it does not exist or some other issue.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `stat` (String) Dictionary containing all the stat data, some platforms might add additional fields.
