---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_subversion Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_subversion (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `repo` (String) The subversion URL to the repository.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `checkout` (Boolean) If `false`, do not check out the repository if it does not exist locally.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dest` (String) Absolute path where the repository should be deployed. The destination directory must be specified unless `checkout=no`, `update=no`, and `export=no`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `executable` (String) Path to svn executable to use. If not supplied, the normal mechanism for resolving binary paths will be used.
- `export` (Boolean) If `true`, do export instead of checkout/update.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) If `true`, modified files will be discarded. If `false`, module will fail if it encounters modified files. Prior to 1.9 the default was `true`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `in_place` (Boolean) If the directory exists, then the working copy will be checked-out over-the-top using `svn checkout --force`; if force is specified then existing files with different content are reverted.
- `password` (String) `--password` parameter passed to svn when svn is less than version 1.10.0. This is not secure and the password will be leaked to argv. `--password-from-stdin` parameter when svn is greater or equal to version 1.10.0.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `revision` (String) Specific revision to checkout.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `switch` (Boolean) If `false`, do not call svn switch before update.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update` (Boolean) If `false`, do not retrieve new revisions from the origin repository.
- `username` (String) `--username` parameter passed to svn.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If `false`, passes the `--trust-server-cert` flag to svn. If `true`, does not pass the flag.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
