---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_telekom_mms_icinga_director_icinga_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_telekom_mms_icinga_director_icinga_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `object_name` (String) Name of the user.

### Optional

- `append` (Boolean) Do not overwrite the whole object but instead append the defined properties. Note - Appending to existing vars, imports or any other list/dict is not possible. You have to overwrite the complete list/dict. Note - Variables that are set by default will also be applied, even if not set.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Disabled objects will not be deployed.
- `display_name` (String) Alternative name for this user. In case your object name is a username, this could be the full name of the corresponding person.
- `email` (String) The Email address of the user.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `groups` (String) User groups that should be directly assigned to this user. Groups can be useful for various reasons. You might prefer to send notifications to groups instead of single users.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `imports` (String) Importable templates, add as many as you want. Please note that order matters when importing properties from multiple templates - last one wins.
- `pager` (String) The pager address of the user.
- `period` (String) The name of a time period which determines when notifications to this User should be triggered. Not set by default.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Apply feature state.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vars` (String) Custom properties of the user.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
