---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_telekom_mms_icinga_director_icinga_host Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_telekom_mms_icinga_director_icinga_host (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `object_name` (String) Icinga object name for this host. This is usually a fully qualified host name but it could basically be any kind of string. To make things easier for your users we strongly suggest to use meaningful names for templates. For example "generic-host" is ugly, "Standard Linux Server" is easier to understand.

### Optional

- `accept_config` (Boolean) Whether the agent is configured to accept config.
- `address` (String) Host address. Usually an IPv4 address, but may be any kind of address your check plugin is able to deal with.
- `address6` (String) Host IPv6 address. Usually an IPv6 address, but may be any kind of address your check plugin is able to deal with.
- `append` (Boolean) Do not overwrite the whole object but instead append the defined properties. Note - Appending to existing vars, imports or any other list/dict is not possible. You have to overwrite the complete list/dict. Note - Variables that are set by default will also be applied, even if not set.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `check_command` (String) The name of the check command. Though this is not required to be defined in the director, you still have to supply a check_command in a host or host-template.
- `check_interval` (String) Your regular check interval.
- `check_period` (String) The name of a time period which determines when this object should be monitored. Not limited by default.
- `check_timeout` (String) Check command timeout in seconds. Overrides the CheckCommand's timeout attribute
- `command_endpoint` (String) The endpoint where commands are executed on.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Disabled objects will not be deployed.
- `display_name` (String) Alternative name for this host. Might be a host alias or and kind of string helping your users to identify this host.
- `enable_active_checks` (Boolean) Whether to actively check this object.
- `enable_event_handler` (Boolean) Whether to enable event handlers this object.
- `enable_flapping` (Boolean) Whether flap detection is enabled on this object.
- `enable_notifications` (Boolean) Whether to send notifications for this object.
- `enable_passive_checks` (Boolean) Whether to accept passive check results for this object.
- `enable_perfdata` (Boolean) Whether to process performance data provided by this object.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `event_command` (String) Event command for host which gets called on every check execution if one of these conditions matches The host is in a soft state The host state changes into a hard state The host state recovers from a soft or hard state to OK/Up
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `flapping_threshold_high` (String) Flapping upper bound in percent for a service to be considered flapping
- `flapping_threshold_low` (String) Flapping lower bound in percent for a service to be considered not flapping
- `groups` (String) Hostgroups that should be directly assigned to this node. Hostgroups can be useful for various reasons. You might assign service checks based on assigned hostgroup. They are also often used as an instrument to enforce restricted views in Icinga Web 2. Hostgroups can be directly assigned to single hosts or to host templates. You might also want to consider assigning hostgroups using apply rules.
- `has_agent` (Boolean) Whether this host has the Icinga 2 Agent installed.
- `icon_image` (String) An URL pointing to an icon for this object. Try "tux.png" for icons relative to public/img/icons or "cloud" (no extension) for items from the Icinga icon font
- `icon_image_alt` (String) Alternative text to be shown in case above icon is missing
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `imports` (String) Choose a Host Template. Required when state is `present`. Required if *state* is `present`.
- `master_should_connect` (Boolean) Whether the parent (master) node should actively try to connect to this agent.
- `max_check_attempts` (String) Defines after how many check attempts a new hard state is reached.
- `notes` (String) Additional notes for this object.
- `notes_url` (String) An URL pointing to additional notes for this object. Separate multiple urls like this "'http://url1' 'http://url2'". Maximum length is 255 characters.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `retry_interval` (String) Retry interval, will be applied after a state change unless the next hard state is reached.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Apply feature state.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vars` (String) Custom properties of the host.
- `volatile` (Boolean) Whether this check is volatile.
- `zone` (String) Set the zone.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
