---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_template Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_template (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `follow` (Boolean) Determine whether symbolic links should be followed. When set to `true` symbolic links will be followed, if they exist. When set to `false` symbolic links will not be followed. Previous to Ansible 2.4, this was hardcoded as `true`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `checksum` (String) SHA1 checksum of the rendered file
- `dest` (String) Destination file/path, equal to the value passed to *dest*.
- `gid` (Number) Numeric id representing the group of the owner
- `group` (String) Group name of owner
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `md5sum` (String) MD5 checksum of the rendered file
- `mode` (String) Unix permissions of the file in octal representation as a string
- `owner` (String) User name of owner
- `size` (Number) Size of the rendered file in bytes
- `src` (String) Source file used for the copy on the target machine.
- `uid` (Number) Numeric id representing the file owner
