---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_theforeman_foreman_auth_source_ldap Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_theforeman_foreman_auth_source_ldap (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) The hostname of the LDAP server
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the LDAP authentication source

### Optional

- `account` (String) Account name to use when accessing the LDAP server.
- `account_password` (String) Account password to use when accessing the LDAP server. Required when using *onthefly_register*. When this parameter is set, the module will not be idempotent.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `attr_firstname` (String) Attribute containing first name. Required when using *onthefly_register*.
- `attr_lastname` (String) Attribute containing last name. Required when using *onthefly_register*.
- `attr_login` (String) Attribute containing login ID. Required when using *onthefly_register*.
- `attr_mail` (String) Attribute containing email address. Required when using *onthefly_register*.
- `attr_photo` (String) Attribute containing user photo
- `base_dn` (String) The base DN to use when searching.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `groups_base` (String) Base DN where groups reside.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ldap_filter` (String) Filter to apply to LDAP searches
- `ldap_group_membership` (String) Which group membership method to use, not valid for *server_type=active_directory*. Option *rfc4519* is valid only for *server_type=posix*.
- `onthefly_register` (Boolean) Whether or not to register users on the fly.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) The port number of the LDAP server
- `server_type` (String) Type of the LDAP server
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `tls` (Boolean) Whether or not to use TLS when contacting the LDAP server.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_netgroups` (Boolean) Whether to use NIS netgroups instead of posix groups, not valid for *server_type=active_directory* Deprecated: The *use_netgroups* parameter is deprecated with Foreman 3.16 in favor of *ldap_group_membership* and will be removed in a future release.
- `usergroup_sync` (Boolean) Whether or not to sync external user groups on login

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `entity` (String) Final state of the affected entities grouped by their type.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
