---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_theforeman_foreman_subnet Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_theforeman_foreman_subnet (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Subnet name
- `network` (String) Subnet IP address

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `bmc_proxy` (String) BMC Smart proxy for this subnet
- `boot_mode` (String) Boot mode used by hosts in this subnet
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cidr` (Number) CIDR prefix length; Required if *network_type=IPv4* and no *mask* provided
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the subnet
- `dhcp_proxy` (String) DHCP Smart proxy for this subnet
- `discovery_proxy` (String) Discovery Smart proxy for this subnet This option is only available if the discovery plugin is installed.
- `dns_primary` (String) Primary DNS server for this subnet
- `dns_proxy` (String) Reverse DNS Smart proxy for this subnet
- `dns_secondary` (String) Secondary DNS server for this subnet
- `domains` (String) List of DNS domains the subnet should assigned to
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `externalipam_group` (String) External IPAM group for this subnet. Only relevant if *ipam=External IPAM*.
- `externalipam_proxy` (String) External IPAM proxy for this subnet. Only relevant if *ipam=External IPAM*.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `from_ip` (String) First IP address of the host IP allocation pool
- `gateway` (String) Subnet gateway IP address
- `httpboot_proxy` (String) HTTP Boot Smart proxy for this subnet
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ipam` (String) IPAM mode for this subnet
- `mask` (String) Subnet netmask. Required if *network_type=IPv4* and no *cidr* prefix length provided
- `mtu` (Number) MTU
- `network_type` (String) Subnet type
- `parameters` (String) Subnet specific host parameters
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remote_execution_proxies` (String) Remote execution Smart proxies for this subnet This option is only available if the remote_execution plugin is installed. This will always report *changed=true* when used with *remote_execution < 4.1.0*, due to a bug in the plugin.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template_proxy` (String) Template Smart proxy for this subnet
- `tftp_proxy` (String) TFTP Smart proxy for this subnet
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `to_ip` (String) Last IP address of the host IP allocation pool
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `updated_name` (String) New subnet name. When this parameter is set, the module will not be idempotent.
- `vlanid` (Number) VLAN ID

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `entity` (String) Final state of the affected entities grouped by their type.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
