---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_theforeman_foreman_content_view_version Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_theforeman_foreman_content_view_version (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `content_view` (String) Name of the content view
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `current_lifecycle_environment` (String) The lifecycle environment that is already associated with the content view version Helpful for promoting a content view version
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the Content View Version
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force_promote` (Boolean) Force content view promotion and bypass lifecycle environment restriction
- `force_yum_metadata_regeneration` (Boolean) Force metadata regeneration when performing Publish and Promote tasks
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lifecycle_environments` (String) The lifecycle environments the Content View Version should be in.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `version` (String) The content view version number (i.e. 1.0)

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `entity` (String) Final state of the affected entities grouped by their type.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
