---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_theforeman_foreman_repository_set Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_theforeman_foreman_repository_set (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `all_repositories` (Boolean) Affect all available repositories in the repository set instead of listing them in *repositories*. Required when *repositories* is unset or an empty list.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `label` (String) Label of the repository set, can be used in place of *name* & *product*
- `name` (String) Name of the repository set
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `product` (String) Name of the parent product
- `repositories` (String) Release version and base architecture of the repositories to enable. Some repository sets require only *basearch* or only *releasever* to be set. See the examples how you can obtain this information using `theforeman.foreman.resource_info`. Required when *all_repositories* is unset or `false`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the repositories are enabled or not
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `entity` (String) Final state of the affected entities grouped by their type.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
