---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_theforeman_foreman_content_view Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_theforeman_foreman_content_view (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the Content View

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_publish` (Boolean) Auto publish composite view when a new version of a component content view is created. Also note auto publish will only happen when the component is marked "latest".
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `components` (String) List of content views to includes content_view and either version or latest. Ignored if *composite=False*.
- `composite` (Boolean) A composite view contains other content views.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the Content View
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `import_only` (Boolean) Designate this Content View for importing from upstream servers only.
- `label` (String) Label of the Content View. This field cannot be updated.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `repositories` (String) List of repositories that include name and product. Cannot be combined with *composite=True*.
- `rolling` (Boolean) A rolling content view contains latest synced state of repositories.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `solve_dependencies` (Boolean) Solve RPM dependencies by default on Content View publish
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `entity` (String) Final state of the affected entities grouped by their type.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
