---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_theforeman_foreman_templates_import Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_theforeman_foreman_templates_import (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `associate` (String) Associate to Operatingsystems, Locations and Organizations based on metadata.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `branch` (String) Branch of the *repo*. Only for git-based repositories.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dirname` (String) The directory within Git repo containing the templates.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `filter` (String) Sync only templates with name matching this regular expression, after *prefix* was applied. Case-insensitive, snippets are not filtered.
- `force` (Boolean) Update templates that are locked.
- `http_proxy` (String) HTTP proxy to use for template sync. Use this parameter together with `http_proxy_policy=selected`
- `http_proxy_policy` (String) HTTP proxy policy for template sync. You can choose no HTTP proxy, global HTTP proxy, or a custom HTTP proxy (`selected`) If you choose 'selected', provide the `http_proxy` parameter.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lock` (Boolean) Lock imported templates.
- `negate` (Boolean) Negate the filter condition.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prefix` (String) Adds specified string to beginning of all imported templates that do not yet have that prefix.
- `repo` (String) Filesystem path or repo (with protocol), for example /tmp/dir or git://example.com/repo.git or https://example.com/repo.git.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `verbose` (Boolean) Add template reports to the output.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `message` (String) Information about the import.
- `report` (String) Report of the import.
- `templates` (String) Final state of the templates.
