---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_theforeman_foreman_repository Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_theforeman_foreman_repository (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `content_type` (String) The content type of the repository
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the repository
- `product` (String) Product to which the repository lives in

### Optional

- `ansible_collection_auth_token` (String) The token key to use for authentication.
- `ansible_collection_auth_url` (String) The URL to receive a session token from, e.g. used with Automation Hub.
- `ansible_collection_requirements` (String) Contents of requirement yaml file to sync from URL
- `arch` (String) Architecture of content in the repository Set to `noarch` to disable the architecture restriction again.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auto_enabled` (Boolean) repositories will be automatically enabled on a registered host subscribed to this product
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `checksum_type` (String) Checksum of the repository
- `deb_architectures` (String) comma separated list of architectures to be synced from deb-archive only available for *content_type=deb*
- `deb_components` (String) comma separated list of repo components to be synced from deb-archive only available for *content_type=deb*
- `deb_errata_url` (String) URL to sync Debian or Ubuntu errata information from only available on Orcharhino only available for *content_type=deb*
- `deb_releases` (String) comma separated list of releases to be synced from deb-archive only available for *content_type=deb*
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `depth` (Number) An option to specify how many ostree commits to traverse.
- `description` (String) Description of the repository
- `docker_tags_whitelist` (String) list of tags to sync for Container Image repository only available for *content_type=docker* Deprecated since Katello 4.4
- `docker_upstream_name` (String) name of the upstream docker repository only available for *content_type=docker*
- `download_concurrency` (Number) download concurrency for sync from upstream as the API does not return this value, this will break idempotence for this module
- `download_policy` (String) The download policy for sync from upstream. The download policy `background` is deprecated and not available since Katello 4.3.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `exclude_refs` (String) List of tags to exclude during an ostree sync. The wildcards `*`, `?` are recognized. `exclude_refs` is evaluated after `include_refs`.
- `exclude_tags` (String) List of tags to exclude when syncing a container image repository.
- `excludes` (String) Python packages to exclude from the upstream URL. You may also specify versions, for example: `django~=2.0`.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gpg_key` (String) Repository GPG key
- `http_proxy` (String) Name of the http proxy to use for content synching Should be combined with *http_proxy_policy='use_selected_http_proxy'*
- `http_proxy_policy` (String) Which proxy to use for content synching
- `ignorable_content` (String) List of content units to ignore while syncing a yum repository. Must be subset of rpm,drpm,srpm,distribution,erratum.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_global_proxy` (Boolean) Whether content sync should use or ignore the global http proxy setting This is deprecated with Katello 3.13 It has been superseeded by *http_proxy_policy*
- `include_refs` (String) List of refs to include during an ostree sync. The wildcards `*`, `?` are recognized.
- `include_tags` (String) List of tags to sync for a container image repository.
- `includes` (String) Python packages to include from the upstream URL, You may also specify versions, for example: `django~=2.0`. Leave empty to include every package.
- `keep_latest_packages` (Number) The amount of latest versions of a package to keep on sync, includes pre-releases if synced. Defaults to keep all versions.
- `label` (String) label of the repository
- `metadata_expire` (Number) Set the metadata expiration time (in seconds) for a yum repository.
- `mirror_on_sync` (Boolean) toggle "mirror on sync" where the state of the repository mirrors that of the upstream repository at sync time This is deprecated with Katello 4.3 It has been superseeded by *mirroring_policy=mirror_content_only*
- `mirroring_policy` (String) Policy to set for mirroring content Supported since Katello 4.3
- `os_versions` (String) Identifies whether the repository should be disabled on a client with a non-matching OS version. A maximum of one OS version can be selected. Set to `[]` to disable filtering again.
- `package_types` (String) Package types to sync for Python content, separated by comma. FIXME Leave empty to get every package type.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `retain_package_versions_count` (Number) The maximum number of versions of each package to keep.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssl_ca_cert` (String) Repository SSL CA certificate
- `ssl_client_cert` (String) Repository SSL client certificate
- `ssl_client_key` (String) Repository SSL client private key
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unprotected` (Boolean) publish the repository via HTTP
- `upstream_authentication_token` (String) Upstream authentication token string for yum repositories.
- `upstream_password` (String) Password to access upstream repository. When this parameter is set, the module will not be idempotent.
- `upstream_username` (String) username to access upstream repository
- `url` (String) Repository URL to sync from
- `verify_ssl_on_sync` (Boolean) verify the upstream certifcates are signed by a trusted CA

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `entity` (String) Final state of the affected entities grouped by their type.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
