---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_theforeman_foreman_registration_command Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_theforeman_foreman_registration_command (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `activation_keys` (String) Activation keys for subscription-manager client, required for CentOS and Red Hat Enterprise Linux. Required only if host group has no activation keys.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) Clear any previous registration and run `subscription-manager` with `--force`.
- `hostgroup` (String) Host group to register the host in.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `ignore_subman_errors` (Boolean) Ignore `subscription-manager` errors for `subscription-manager register` command.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Enable insecure argument for the initial `curl`.
- `jwt_expiration` (Number) Expiration of the authorization token (in hours).
- `lifecycle_environment` (String) Lifecycle environment for the host. Deprecated: The Lifecycle Environment of a Host should be set by the Activation Key. Removed from the API since Katello 4.12.
- `location` (String) Location to register the host in.
- `operatingsystem` (String) Operating System to register the host in. Operating system must have a `host_init_config` template assigned.
- `organization` (String) Organization to register the host in.
- `packages` (String) Packages to install on the host when registered. Multiple packages are to be given as a space delimited string.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remote_execution_interface` (String) Identifier of the Host interface for Remote execution.
- `repo` (String) Repository URL (yum/dnf) or full sources.list entry (apt). Deprecated: Use the *repo_data* option instead. This option was deprecated in version Foreman 3.11.
- `repo_data` (String) Array with repository URL and corresponding GPG key URL. Each element is a dictionary with keys `repo` and `repo_gpg_key_url`.
- `repo_gpg_key_url` (String) URL of the GPG key for the repository. Deprecated: Use the *repo_data* option instead. This option was deprecated in version Foreman 3.11.
- `setup_insights` (Boolean) If this is set to `true`, `insights-client` will be installed and registered on Red Hat family operating systems.
- `setup_remote_execution` (Boolean) If this is set to true, SSH keys will be installed on the host.
- `setup_remote_execution_pull` (Boolean) If this is set to true, pull provider client will be deployed on the host.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `smart_proxy` (String) Name of Smart Proxy. This Proxy must have both the `Templates` and `Registration` features enabled.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_packages` (Boolean) Update all packages on the host.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `registration_command` (String) The generated registration command.
