---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_theforeman_foreman_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_theforeman_foreman_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `login` (String) Name of the user

### Optional

- `admin` (Boolean) Whether or not the user is an administrator
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `auth_source` (String) Authentication source where the user exists
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `default_location` (String) The location that the user uses by default
- `default_organization` (String) The organization that the user uses by default
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the user
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `firstname` (String) First name of the user
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `lastname` (String) Last name of the user
- `locale` (String) The language locale for the user
- `mail` (String) Email address of the user Required when creating a new user
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `roles` (String) List of roles assigned to the user
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `timezone` (String) Timezone for the user If blank it will use the browser timezone.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_password` (String) Password for the user. When this parameter is set, the module will not be idempotent.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `entity` (String) Final state of the affected entities grouped by their type.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
