---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_unarchive Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_unarchive (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dest` (String) Remote absolute path where the archive should be unpacked. The given path must exist. Base directory is not created by this module.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `src` (String) If O(remote_src=no) (default), local path to archive file to copy to the target server; can be absolute or relative. If O(remote_src=yes), path on the target server to existing archive file to unpack. If O(remote_src=yes) and O(src) contains V(://), the remote machine will download the file from the URL first. (version_added 2.0). This is only for simple cases, for full download support use the M(ansible.builtin.get_url) module.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `copy` (Boolean) If true, the file is copied from local controller to the managed (remote) node, otherwise, the plugin will look for src archive on the managed machine. This option has been deprecated in favor of O(remote_src). This option is mutually exclusive with O(remote_src).
- `creates` (String) If the specified absolute path (file or directory) already exists, this step will B(not) be run. The specified absolute path (file or directory) must be below the base path given with O(dest).
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `exclude` (String) List the directory and file entries that you would like to exclude from the unarchive action. Mutually exclusive with O(include).
- `extra_opts` (String) Specify additional options by passing in an array. Each space-separated command-line option should be a new element of the array. See examples. Command-line options with multiple elements must use multiple lines in the array, one for each element.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `include` (String) List of directory and file entries that you would like to extract from the archive. If O(include) is not empty, only files listed here will be extracted. Mutually exclusive with O(exclude).
- `io_buffer_size` (Number) Size of the volatile memory buffer that is used for extracting files from the archive in bytes.
- `keep_newer` (Boolean) Do not replace existing files that are newer than files from the archive.
- `list_files` (Boolean) If set to True, return the list of files that are contained in the tarball.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remote_src` (Boolean) Set to V(true) to indicate the archived file is already on the remote system and not local to the Ansible controller. This option is mutually exclusive with O(copy).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) This only applies if using a https URL as the source of the file. This should only set to V(false) used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificate. Prior to 2.2 the code worked as if this was set to V(true).

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `files` (String) List of all the files in the archive.
- `gid` (Number) Numerical ID of the group that owns the destination directory.
- `group` (String) Name of the group that owns the destination directory.
- `handler` (String) Archive software handler used to extract and decompress the archive.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `mode` (String) String that represents the octal permissions of the destination directory.
- `owner` (String) Name of the user that owns the destination directory.
- `size` (Number) The size of destination directory in bytes. Does not include the size of files or subdirectories contained within.
- `state` (String) State of the destination. Effectively always "directory".
- `uid` (Number) Numerical ID of the user that owns the destination directory.
