---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_uri Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_uri (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `url` (String) HTTP or HTTPS URL in the form (http|https)://host.domain[:port]/path.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `body` (String) The body of the http request/response to the web service. If O(body_format) is set to V(json) it will take an already formatted JSON string or convert a data structure into JSON. If O(body_format) is set to V(form-urlencoded) it will convert a dictionary or list of tuples into an C(application/x-www-form-urlencoded) string. (Added in v2.7) If O(body_format) is set to V(form-multipart) it will convert a dictionary into C(multipart/form-multipart) body. (Added in v2.10) If C(body_format) is set to V(form-multipart) the option 'multipart_encoding' allows to change multipart file encoding. (Added in v2.19)
- `body_format` (String) The serialization format of the body. When set to V(json), V(form-multipart), or V(form-urlencoded), encodes the body argument, if needed, and automatically sets the C(Content-Type) header accordingly. As of v2.3 it is possible to override the C(Content-Type) header, when set to V(json) or V(form-urlencoded) via the O(headers) option. The C(Content-Type) header cannot be overridden when using V(form-multipart). V(form-urlencoded) was added in v2.7. V(form-multipart) was added in v2.10.
- `ca_path` (String) PEM formatted file that contains a CA certificate to be used for validation.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `ciphers` (String) SSL/TLS Ciphers to use for the request. When a list is provided, all ciphers are joined in order with V(:) See the L(OpenSSL Cipher List Format,https://www.openssl.org/docs/manmaster/man1/openssl-ciphers.html#CIPHER-LIST-FORMAT) for more details. The available ciphers is dependent on the Python and OpenSSL/LibreSSL versions.
- `client_cert` (String) PEM formatted certificate chain file to be used for SSL client authentication. This file can also include the key as well, and if the key is included, O(client_key) is not required.
- `client_key` (String) PEM formatted file that contains your private key to be used for SSL client authentication. If O(client_cert) contains both the certificate and key, this option is not required.
- `creates` (String) A filename, when it already exists, this step will not be run.
- `decompress` (Boolean) Whether to attempt to decompress gzip content-encoded responses.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `dest` (String) A path of where to download the file to (if desired). If O(dest) is a directory, the basename of the file on the remote server will be used.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) If V(true) do not get a cached copy.
- `force_basic_auth` (Boolean) Force the sending of the Basic authentication header upon initial request. When this setting is V(false), this module will first try an unauthenticated request, and when the server replies with an C(HTTP 401) error, it will submit the Basic authentication header. When this setting is V(true), this module will immediately send a Basic authentication header on the first request. Use this setting in any of the following scenarios: You know the webservice endpoint always requires HTTP Basic authentication, and you want to speed up your requests by eliminating the first roundtrip. The web service does not properly send an HTTP 401 error to your client, so Ansible's HTTP library will not properly respond with HTTP credentials, and logins will fail. The webservice bans or rate-limits clients that cause any HTTP 401 errors.
- `headers` (String) Add custom HTTP headers to a request in the format of a YAML hash. As of Ansible 2.3 supplying C(Content-Type) here will override the header generated by supplying V(json) or V(form-urlencoded) for O(body_format).
- `http_agent` (String) Header to identify as, generally appears in web server logs.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `method` (String) The HTTP method of the request or response. In more recent versions we do not restrict the method at the module level anymore but it still must be a valid method accepted by the service handling the request.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remote_src` (Boolean) If V(false), the module will search for the O(src) on the controller node. If V(true), the module will search for the O(src) on the managed (remote) node.
- `removes` (String) A filename, when it does not exist, this step will not be run.
- `return_content` (Boolean) Whether or not to return the body of the response as a "content" key in the dictionary result no matter it succeeded or failed. Independently of this option, if the reported C(Content-Type) is C(application/json), then the JSON is always loaded into a key called RV(ignore:json) in the dictionary results.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `src` (String) Path to file to be submitted to the remote server. Cannot be used with O(body). Should be used with O(force_basic_auth) to ensure success when the remote end sends a 401.
- `status_code` (String) A list of valid, numeric, HTTP status codes that signifies success of the request.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unix_socket` (String) Path to Unix domain socket to use for connection.
- `unredirected_headers` (String) A list of header names that will not be sent on subsequent redirected requests. This list is case insensitive. By default all headers will be redirected. In some cases it may be beneficial to list headers such as C(Authorization) here to avoid potential credential exposure.
- `url_password` (String) A password for the module to use for Digest, Basic or WSSE authentication.
- `url_username` (String) A username for the module to use for Digest, Basic or WSSE authentication.
- `use_gssapi` (Boolean) Use GSSAPI to perform the authentication, typically this is for Kerberos or Kerberos through Negotiate authentication. Requires the Python library L(gssapi,https://github.com/pythongssapi/python-gssapi) to be installed. Credentials for GSSAPI can be specified with O(url_username)/O(url_password) or with the GSSAPI env var C(KRB5CCNAME) that specified a custom Kerberos credential cache. NTLM authentication is B(not) supported even if the GSSAPI mech for NTLM has been installed.
- `use_netrc` (Boolean) Determining whether to use credentials from C(~/.netrc) file. By default C(.netrc) is used with Basic authentication headers. When V(false), C(.netrc) credentials are ignored.
- `use_proxy` (Boolean) If V(false), it will not use a proxy, even if one is defined in an environment variable on the target hosts.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If V(false), SSL certificates will not be validated. This should only set to V(false) used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates. Prior to 1.9.2 the code defaulted to V(false).

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `content` (String) The response body content.
- `cookies` (String) The cookie values placed in cookie jar.
- `cookies_string` (String) The value for future request Cookie headers.
- `elapsed` (Number) The number of seconds that elapsed while performing the download.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) The HTTP message from the request.
- `path` (String) destination file/path
- `redirected` (Boolean) Whether the request was redirected.
- `result` (String) Full raw JSON result from Ansible
- `status` (Number) The HTTP status code from the request.
