---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_user Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_user (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the user to create, remove or modify.

### Optional

- `append` (Boolean) If V(true), add the user to the groups specified in O(groups). If V(false), user will only be added to the groups specified in O(groups), removing them from all other groups.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authorization` (String) Sets the authorization of the user. Can set multiple authorizations using comma separation. To delete all authorizations, use O(authorization=''). Currently supported on Illumos/Solaris. Does nothing when used with other platforms.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `comment` (String) Optionally sets the description (aka I(GECOS)) of user account. On macOS, this defaults to the O(name) option.
- `create_home` (Boolean) Unless set to V(false), a home directory will be made for the user when the account is created or if the home directory does not exist. Changed from O(createhome) to O(create_home) in Ansible 2.5.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `expires` (Number) An expiry time for the user in epoch, it will be ignored on platforms that do not support this. Currently supported on GNU/Linux, FreeBSD, and DragonFlyBSD. Since Ansible 2.6 you can remove the expiry time by specifying a negative value. Currently supported on GNU/Linux and FreeBSD.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `force` (Boolean) This only affects O(state=absent), it forces removal of the user and associated directories on supported platforms. The behavior is the same as C(userdel --force), check the man page for C(userdel) on your system for details and support. When used with O(generate_ssh_key=yes) this forces an existing key to be overwritten.
- `generate_ssh_key` (Boolean) Whether to generate a SSH key for the user in question. This will B(not) overwrite an existing SSH key unless used with O(force=yes).
- `group` (String) Optionally sets the user's primary group (takes a group name). On macOS, this defaults to V(staff).
- `groups` (String) A list of supplementary groups which the user is also a member of. By default, the user is removed from all other groups. Configure O(append) to modify this. When set to an empty string V(''), the user is removed from all groups except the primary group. Before Ansible 2.3, the only input format allowed was a comma separated string.
- `hidden` (Boolean) macOS only, optionally hide the user from the login window and system preferences. The default will be V(true) if the O(system) option is used.
- `home` (String) Optionally set the user's home directory.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `local` (Boolean) Forces the use of "local" command alternatives on platforms that implement it. This is useful in environments that use centralized authentication when you want to manipulate the local users (in other words, it uses C(luseradd) instead of C(useradd)). This will check C(/etc/passwd) for an existing account before invoking commands. If the local account database exists somewhere other than C(/etc/passwd), this setting will not work properly. This requires that the above commands as well as C(/etc/passwd) must exist on the target host, otherwise it will be a fatal error.
- `login_class` (String) Optionally sets the user's login class, a feature of most BSD OSs.
- `move_home` (Boolean) If set to V(true) when used with O(home), attempt to move the user's old home directory to the specified directory if it isn't there already and the old home exists.
- `non_unique` (Boolean) Optionally when used with the C(-u) option, this option allows to change the user ID to a non-unique value.
- `password` (String) If provided, set the user's password to the provided encrypted hash (Linux) or plain text password (macOS). B(Linux/Unix/POSIX:) Enter the hashed password as the value. See L(FAQ entry,https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/reference_appendices/faq.html#how-do-i-generate-encrypted-passwords-for-the-user-module) for details on various ways to generate the hash of a password. To create an account with a locked/disabled password on Linux systems, set this to V('!') or V('*'). To create an account with a locked/disabled password on OpenBSD, set this to V('*************'). B(OS X/macOS:) Enter the cleartext password as the value. Be sure to take relevant security precautions. On macOS, the password specified in the C(password) option will always be set, regardless of whether the user account already exists or not. When the password is passed as an argument, the M(ansible.builtin.user) module will always return changed to C(true) for macOS systems. Since macOS no longer provides access to the hashed passwords directly.
- `password_expire_account_disable` (Number) Number of days after a password expires until the account is disabled. Currently supported on AIX, Linux, NetBSD, OpenBSD.
- `password_expire_max` (Number) Maximum number of days between password change. Supported on Linux only.
- `password_expire_min` (Number) Minimum number of days between password change. Supported on Linux only.
- `password_expire_warn` (Number) Number of days of warning before password expires. Supported on Linux only.
- `password_lock` (Boolean) Lock the password (C(usermod -L), C(usermod -U), C(pw lock)). Implementation differs by platform. This option does not always mean the user cannot login using other methods. This option does not disable the user, only lock the password. This must be set to V(false) in order to unlock a currently locked password. The absence of this parameter will not unlock a password. Currently supported on Linux, FreeBSD, DragonFlyBSD, NetBSD, OpenBSD.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `profile` (String) Sets the profile of the user. Can set multiple profiles using comma separation. To delete all the profiles, use O(profile=''). Currently supported on Illumos/Solaris. Does nothing when used with other platforms.
- `remove` (Boolean) This only affects O(state=absent), it attempts to remove directories associated with the user. The behavior is the same as C(userdel --remove), check the man page for details and support.
- `role` (String) Sets the role of the user. Can set multiple roles using comma separation. To delete all roles, use O(role=''). Currently supported on Illumos/Solaris. Does nothing when used with other platforms.
- `seuser` (String) Optionally sets the C(seuser) type C(user_u) on SELinux enabled systems.
- `shell` (String) Optionally set the user's shell. On macOS, before Ansible 2.5, the default shell for non-system users was V(/usr/bin/false). Since Ansible 2.5, the default shell for non-system users on macOS is V(/bin/bash). On other operating systems, the default shell is determined by the underlying tool invoked by this module. See Notes for a per platform list of invoked tools. From Ansible 2.18, the type is changed to I(path) from I(str).
- `skeleton` (String) Optionally set a home skeleton directory. Requires O(create_home) option!
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssh_key_bits` (Number) Optionally specify number of bits in SSH key to create. The default value depends on C(ssh-keygen).
- `ssh_key_comment` (String) Optionally define the comment for the SSH key.
- `ssh_key_file` (String) Optionally specify the SSH key filename. If this is a relative filename then it will be relative to the user's home directory. This parameter defaults to V(.ssh/id_rsa).
- `ssh_key_passphrase` (String) Set a passphrase for the SSH key. If no passphrase is provided, the SSH key will default to having no passphrase.
- `ssh_key_type` (String) Optionally specify the type of SSH key to generate. Available SSH key types will depend on implementation present on target host.
- `state` (String) Whether the account should exist or not, taking action if the state is different from what is stated. See this L(FAQ entry,https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/reference_appendices/faq.html#running-on-macos-as-a-target) for additional requirements when removing users on macOS systems.
- `system` (Boolean) When creating an account O(state=present), setting this to V(true) makes the user a system account. This setting cannot be changed on existing users.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `uid` (Number) Optionally sets the I(UID) of the user.
- `uid_max` (Number) Sets the UID_MAX value for user creation. Overwrites /etc/login.defs default value. Currently supported on Linux. Does nothing when used with other platforms. Requires O(local) is omitted or V(False).
- `uid_min` (Number) Sets the UID_MIN value for user creation. Overwrites /etc/login.defs default value. Currently supported on Linux. Does nothing when used with other platforms. Requires O(local) is omitted or V(False).
- `umask` (String) Sets the umask of the user. Currently supported on Linux. Does nothing when used with other platforms. Requires O(local) is omitted or V(false).
- `update_password` (String) V(always) will update passwords if they differ. V(on_create) will only set the password for newly created users.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `ssh_fingerprint` (String) Fingerprint of generated SSH key.
- `ssh_public_key` (String) Generated SSH public key file.
- `stderr` (String) Standard error from running commands.
- `stdout` (String) Standard output from running commands.
