---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_resourcepool Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_resourcepool (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `vcenter_hostname` (String) The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_HOST` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_password` (String) The vSphere vCenter password If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_PASSWORD` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_username` (String) The vSphere vCenter username If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_USER` will be used instead.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cpu_allocation` (String) Resource allocation for CPU. if unset or empty, the CPU allocation of the resource pool will not be changed. Valid attributes are:  - `reservation` (int): Amount of resource that is guaranteed available to a resource pool. Reserved resources are not wasted if they are not used. If the utilization is less than the reservation, the resources can be utilized by other running virtual machines. Units are MB fo memory, and MHz for CPU. If unset or empty, *reservation* will be set to 0. (['present'])  - `expandable_reservation` (bool): In a resource pool with an expandable reservation, the reservation can grow beyond the specified value, if the parent resource pool has unreserved resources. A non-expandable reservation is called a fixed reservation. If unset or empty, *expandable_reservation* will be set to true. (['present'])  - `limit` (int): The utilization of a resource pool will not exceed this limit, even if there are available resources. This is typically used to ensure a consistent performance of resource pools independent of available resources. If set to -1, then there is no fixed limit on resource usage (only bounded by available resources and shares). Units are MB for memory, and MHz for CPU. If unset or empty, *limit* will be set to -1. (['present'])  - `shares` (dict): Shares are used in case of resource contention. (['present'])    - Accepted keys:      - level (string): This option defines the possible values for the allocation level. Accepted value for this field:        - `CUSTOM`        - `HIGH`        - `LOW`        - `NORMAL`      - shares (integer): When *level* is set to CUSTOM, it is the number of shares allocated. Otherwise, this value is ignored.   There is no unit for this value. It is a relative measure based on the settings for other resource pools.  This field is optional and it is only relevant when the value of *level* is CUSTOM.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `memory_allocation` (String) Resource allocation for CPU. if unset or empty, the CPU allocation of the resource pool will not be changed. Valid attributes are:  - `reservation` (int): Amount of resource that is guaranteed available to a resource pool. Reserved resources are not wasted if they are not used. If the utilization is less than the reservation, the resources can be utilized by other running virtual machines. Units are MB fo memory, and MHz for CPU. If unset or empty, *reservation* will be set to 0. (['present'])  - `expandable_reservation` (bool): In a resource pool with an expandable reservation, the reservation can grow beyond the specified value, if the parent resource pool has unreserved resources. A non-expandable reservation is called a fixed reservation. If unset or empty, *expandable_reservation* will be set to true. (['present'])  - `limit` (int): The utilization of a resource pool will not exceed this limit, even if there are available resources. This is typically used to ensure a consistent performance of resource pools independent of available resources. If set to -1, then there is no fixed limit on resource usage (only bounded by available resources and shares). Units are MB for memory, and MHz for CPU. If unset or empty, *limit* will be set to -1. (['present'])  - `shares` (dict): Shares are used in case of resource contention. (['present'])    - Accepted keys:      - level (string): This option defines the possible values for the allocation level. Accepted value for this field:        - `CUSTOM`        - `HIGH`        - `LOW`        - `NORMAL`      - shares (integer): When *level* is set to CUSTOM, it is the number of shares allocated. Otherwise, this value is ignored.   There is no unit for this value. It is a relative measure based on the settings for other resource pools.  This field is optional and it is only relevant when the value of *level* is CUSTOM.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource pool. if unset or empty, the name of the resource pool will not be changed. Required with *state=['present']*
- `parent` (String) Parent of the created resource pool. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_resourcepool_info`. Required with *state=['present']*
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resource_pool` (String) Identifier of the resource pool to be deleted. The parameter must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_resourcepool_info`. Required with *state=['absent', 'present']*
- `session_timeout` (Number) Timeout settings for client session.  The maximal number of seconds for the whole operation including connection establishment, request sending and response.  The default value is 300s.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String)
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vcenter_rest_log_file` (String) You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.  This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.  The file will be stored on the host that runs the module.  If the value is not specified in the task, the value of  environment variable `VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_validate_certs` (Boolean) Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to `false` when certificates are not trusted. If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS` will be used instead.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `value` (String) Create a generic resource pool
