---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_vm_resource_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_vm_resource_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `gather_cpu_config` (Boolean) If true, information is gathered about the V`s` CPU configuration. Setting to false can speed up module results.
- `gather_cpu_stats` (Boolean) If true, information is gathered about the V`s` CPU usage metrics. Setting to false can speed up module results.
- `gather_memory_config` (Boolean) If true, information is gathered about the V`s` memory configuration. Setting to false can speed up module results.
- `gather_memory_stats` (Boolean) If true, information is gathered about the V`s` memory usage metrics. Setting to false can speed up module results.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `moid` (String) The MOID of the vm to gather info for Only one of name, moid, uuid is allowed
- `name` (String) The name of the vm to gather info for Only one of name, moid, uuid is allowed
- `name_match` (String) If using name and multiple VMs have the same name, specify which VM should be selected
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_instance_uuid` (Boolean) If true, search by instance UUID instead of BIOS UUID. BIOS UUID may not be unique and may cause errors.
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the vm to gather info for Only one of name, moid, uuid is allowed

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vms` (String) Information about CPU and memory for the selected VMs.
