---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_vm_hardware_serial Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_vm_hardware_serial (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `vcenter_hostname` (String) The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_HOST` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_password` (String) The vSphere vCenter password If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_PASSWORD` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_username` (String) The vSphere vCenter username If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_USER` will be used instead.
- `vm` (String) Virtual machine identifier. The parameter must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info`. This parameter is mandatory.

### Optional

- `allow_guest_control` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether the guest can connect and disconnect the device. If unset, the value is unchanged.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backing` (String) Physical resource backing for the virtual serial port. If unset, defaults to automatic detection of a suitable host device. Required with *state=['present']* Valid attributes are:  - `type` (str): This option defines the valid backing types for a virtual serial port. (['present'])    This key is required with ['present'].    - Accepted values:      - FILE      - HOST_DEVICE      - NETWORK_CLIENT      - NETWORK_SERVER      - PIPE_CLIENT      - PIPE_SERVER  - `file` (str): Path of the file backing the virtual serial port. This field is optional and it is only relevant when the value of *type* is FILE. (['present'])  - `host_device` (str): Name of the device backing the virtual serial port.    If unset, the virtual serial port will be configured to automatically detect a suitable host device. (['present'])  - `pipe` (str): Name of the pipe backing the virtual serial port. This field is optional and it is only relevant when the value of *type* is one of PIPE_SERVER or PIPE_CLIENT. (['present'])  - `no_rx_loss` (bool): Flag that enables optimized data transfer over the pipe. When the value is true, the host buffers data to prevent data overrun. This allows the virtual machine to read all of the data transferred over the pipe with no data loss. If unset, defaults to false. (['present'])  - `network_location` (str): URI specifying the location of the network service backing the virtual serial port.     - If *type* is NETWORK_SERVER, this field is the location used by clients to connect to this server. The hostname part of the URI should either be empty or should specify the address of the host on which the virtual machine is running.    - If *type* is NETWORK_CLIENT, this field is the location used by the virtual machine to connect to the remote server.   This field is optional and it is only relevant when the value of *type* is one of NETWORK_SERVER or NETWORK_CLIENT. (['present'])  - `proxy` (str): Proxy service that provides network access to the network backing. If set, the virtual machine initiates a connection with the proxy service and forwards the traffic to the proxy. If unset, no proxy service should be used. (['present'])
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `label` (String) The name of the item
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (String) Virtual serial port identifier. The parameter must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_serial`. Required with *state=['absent', 'connect', 'disconnect', 'present']*
- `session_timeout` (Number) Timeout settings for client session.  The maximal number of seconds for the whole operation including connection establishment, request sending and response.  The default value is 300s.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `start_connected` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether the virtual device should be connected whenever the virtual machine is powered on. If unset, the value is unchanged.
- `state` (String)
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vcenter_rest_log_file` (String) You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.  This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.  The file will be stored on the host that runs the module.  If the value is not specified in the task, the value of  environment variable `VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_validate_certs` (Boolean) Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to `false` when certificates are not trusted. If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS` will be used instead.
- `yield_on_poll` (Boolean) CPU yield behavior. If set to true, the virtual machine will periodically relinquish the processor if its sole task is polling the virtual serial port. The amount of time it takes to regain the processor will depend on the degree of other virtual machine activity on the host.   This field may be modified at any time, and changes applied to a connected virtual serial port take effect immediately.  If unset, the value is unchanged.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `value` (String) Create an existing serial port (label)
