---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_content_template Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_content_template (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `library` (String) The name of the content library where the template will be created.
- `template_name` (String) The name of template to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster` (String) Cluster onto which the virtual machine template should be placed. If `cluster` and `resource_pool` are both specified, `resource_pool` must belong to `cluster`. If `cluster` and `host` are both specified, `host` must be a member of `cluster`. This attribute was added in vSphere API 6.8.
- `datacenter` (String) The name of the datacenter to use when searching for the source VM. This parameter is optional, and only used if you use a relative `vm_folder` path.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder_paths_are_absolute` (Boolean) If true, any folder path parameters are treated as absolute paths. If false, modules will try to intelligently determine if the path is absolute or relative. This option is useful when your environment has a complex folder structure. By default, modules will try to intelligently determine if the path is absolute or relative. They may mistakenly prepend the datacenter name or other folder names, and this option can be used to avoid this.
- `host` (String) Host onto which the virtual machine template should be placed. If `host` and `resource_pool` are both specified, `resource_pool` must belong to `host`. If `host` and `cluster` are both specified, `host` must be a member of `cluster`. This attribute was added in vSphere API 6.8.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resource_pool` (String) Resource pool into which the virtual machine template should be placed. This attribute was added in vSphere API 6.8. If not specified, the system will attempt to choose a suitable resource pool for the virtual machine template; if a resource pool cannot be chosen, the library item creation operation will fail. If `cluster` and `resource_pool` are both specified, `resource_pool` must belong to `cluster`. If `host` and `resource_pool` are both specified, `resource_pool` must belong to `host`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the template in content library. If `present`, the template will be created in content library. If `absent`, the template will be deleted from content library.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template_folder` (String) Virtual machine folder into which the virtual machine template should be placed. This attribute was added in vSphere API 6.8. If not specified, the virtual machine template will be placed in the same folder as the source virtual machine.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_instance_uuid` (Boolean) Whether to use the VMware instance UUID rather than the BIOS UUID when searching for the VM.
- `vm_folder` (String) Destination folder, absolute or relative path to find an existing guest. Should be the full folder path, with or without the 'datacenter/vm/' prefix For example 'datacenter_name/vm/path/to/folder' or 'path/to/folder'
- `vm_moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the instance to manage if known, this is a unique identifier only within a single vCenter instance. This is required if `vm_name` or `vm_uuid` is not supplied. A VM identifier is required when `state` is present.
- `vm_name` (String) The name of the VM to be used to create template. Virtual machine names in vCenter are not necessarily unique, which may be problematic, see `vm_name_match`. This is required if `vm_moid` or `vm_uuid` is not supplied. A VM identifier is required when `state` is present.
- `vm_name_match` (String) If multiple virtual machines matching the name, use the first or last found.
- `vm_uuid` (String) UUID of the instance to manage if known, this is VMware's unique identifier. This is required if `vm_moid` or `vm_name` is not supplied. A VM identifier is required when `state` is present.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `template_info` (String) Template creation message and template_id
