---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_vm_snapshot_revert Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_vm_snapshot_revert (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datacenter` (String) Datacenter to search for the virtual machine.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Absolute or relative folder path to search for the virtual machine. This parameter is required if `name` is supplied. For example 'datacenter name/vm/path/to/folder' or 'path/to/folder'
- `folder_paths_are_absolute` (Boolean) If true, any folder path parameters are treated as absolute paths. If false, modules will try to intelligently determine if the path is absolute or relative. This option is useful when your environment has a complex folder structure. By default, modules will try to intelligently determine if the path is absolute or relative. They may mistakenly prepend the datacenter name or other folder names, and this option can be used to avoid this.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the virtual machine to manage. This is required if `name` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual machine to work with. This is required parameter, if `uuid` or `moid` is not supplied.
- `name_match` (String) If multiple VMs with the same name exist, use the first or last found.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot_id` (Number) The ID of the snapshot to revert to. Either this parameter or `snapshot_name` is required.
- `snapshot_name` (String) The name of the snapshot to revert to. Either this parameter or `snapshot_id` is required.
- `suppress_power_on` (Boolean) If true, the virtual machine will not be powered on after the snapshot is reverted, even if the snapshot was taken while the virtual machine was powered on.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_instance_uuid` (Boolean) Whether to use the VMware instance UUID rather than the BIOS UUID.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the instance to manage. This is VMware's BIOS UUID by default. This is required if `name` or `moid` parameter is not supplied.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) Information about the vCenter task, if one was run
- `snapshot` (String) Information about the snapshot
- `vm` (String) Information about the target VM
