---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_vm_hardware_disk Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_vm_hardware_disk (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `vcenter_hostname` (String) The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_HOST` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_password` (String) The vSphere vCenter password If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_PASSWORD` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_username` (String) The vSphere vCenter username If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_USER` will be used instead.
- `vm` (String) Virtual machine identifier. The parameter must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info`. This parameter is mandatory.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backing` (String) Existing physical resource backing for the virtual disk. Exactly one of *backing* or *new_vmdk* must be specified. If unset, the virtual disk will not be connected to an existing backing. Required with *state=['present']* Valid attributes are:  - `type` (str): This option defines the valid backing types for a virtual disk. (['present'])    This key is required with ['present'].    - Accepted values:      - VMDK_FILE  - `vmdk_file` (str): Path of the VMDK file backing the virtual disk. This field is optional and it is only relevant when the value of *type* is VMDK_FILE. (['present'])
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disk` (String) Virtual disk identifier. The parameter must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk`. Required with *state=['absent', 'present']*
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ide` (String) Address for attaching the device to a virtual IDE adapter. If unset, the server will choose an available address; if none is available, the request will fail. Valid attributes are:  - `primary` (bool): Flag specifying whether the device should be attached to the primary or secondary IDE adapter of the virtual machine. If unset, the server will choose a adapter with an available connection. If no IDE connections are available, the request will be rejected. (['present'])  - `master` (bool): Flag specifying whether the device should be the master or slave device on the IDE adapter. If unset, the server will choose an available connection type. If no IDE connections are available, the request will be rejected. (['present'])
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `label` (String) The name of the item
- `new_vmdk` (String) Specification for creating a new VMDK backing for the virtual disk. Exactly one of *backing* or *new_vmdk* must be specified. If unset, a new VMDK backing will not be created. Valid attributes are:  - `name` (str): Base name of the VMDK file. The name should not include the '.vmdk' file extension. If unset, a name (derived from the name of the virtual machine) will be chosen by the server. (['present'])  - `capacity` (int): Capacity of the virtual disk backing in bytes. If unset, defaults to a guest-specific capacity. (['present'])  - `storage_policy` (dict): The *storage_policy_spec* structure contains information about the storage policy that is to be associated the with VMDK file. If unset the default storage policy of the target datastore (if applicable) is applied. Currently a default storage policy is only supported by object based datastores : VVol & vSAN. For non- object datastores, if unset then no storage policy would be associated with the VMDK file. (['present'])    - Accepted keys:      - policy (string): Identifier of the storage policy which should be associated with the VMDK file. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_storage_policies_info`.
- `nvme` (String) Address for attaching the device to a virtual NVMe adapter. If unset, the server will choose an available address; if none is available, the request will fail. Required with *state=['present']* Valid attributes are:  - `bus` (int): Bus number of the adapter to which the device should be attached. (['present'])    This key is required with ['present'].  - `unit` (int): Unit number of the device. If unset, the server will choose an available unit number on the specified adapter. If there are no available connections on the adapter, the request will be rejected. (['present'])
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `sata` (String) Address for attaching the device to a virtual SATA adapter. If unset, the server will choose an available address; if none is available, the request will fail. Required with *state=['present']* Valid attributes are:  - `bus` (int): Bus number of the adapter to which the device should be attached. (['present'])    This key is required with ['present'].  - `unit` (int): Unit number of the device. If unset, the server will choose an available unit number on the specified adapter. If there are no available connections on the adapter, the request will be rejected. (['present'])
- `scsi` (String) Address for attaching the device to a virtual SCSI adapter. If unset, the server will choose an available address; if none is available, the request will fail. Required with *state=['present']* Valid attributes are:  - `bus` (int): Bus number of the adapter to which the device should be attached. (['present'])    This key is required with ['present'].  - `unit` (int): Unit number of the device. If unset, the server will choose an available unit number on the specified adapter. If there are no available connections on the adapter, the request will be rejected. (['present'])
- `session_timeout` (Number) Timeout settings for client session.  The maximal number of seconds for the whole operation including connection establishment, request sending and response.  The default value is 300s.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String)
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The *host_bus_adapter_type* enumerated type defines the valid types of host bus adapters that may be used for attaching a virtual storage device to a virtual machine.
- `vcenter_rest_log_file` (String) You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.  This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.  The file will be stored on the host that runs the module.  If the value is not specified in the task, the value of  environment variable `VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_validate_certs` (Boolean) Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to `false` when certificates are not trusted. If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS` will be used instead.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `value` (String) Create a new disk
