---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_vm_guest_customization Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_vm_guest_customization (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `configuration_spec` (String) Settings to be applied to the guest during the customization. This parameter is mandatory. Valid attributes are:  - `windows_config` (dict): Guest customization specification for a Windows guest operating system If unset, ConfigurationSpec.linux-config or ConfigurationSpec.cloud-config must be set. Otherwise, an appropriate fault will be thrown. (['set'])    - Accepted keys:      - reboot (string): This option specifies what should be done to the guest after the customization. Accepted value for this field:        - `NO_REBOOT`        - `REBOOT`        - `SHUTDOWN`      - sysprep (object): Customization settings like user details, administrator details, etc for the windows guest operating system. Exactly one of WindowsConfiguration.sysprep or WindowsConfiguration.sysprep-xml must be specified. If unset, sysprep settings will not be applied to the windows guest operating system.      - sysprep_xml (string): All settings specified in a XML format. This is the content of a typical answer.xml file that is used by System administrators during the Windows image customization. Check https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/manufacture/desktop/update-windows-settings-and-scripts-create-your-own-answer-file-sxs Exactly one of WindowsConfiguration.sysprep or WindowsConfiguration.sysprep-xml must be specified. If unset, sysprep settings will not be applied to the windows guest operating system.  - `linux_config` (dict): Guest customization specification for a linux guest operating system If unset, ConfigurationSpec.windows-config or ConfigurationSpec.cloud-config must be set. Otherwise, an appropriate fault will be thrown. (['set'])    - Accepted keys:      - hostname (object): The computer name of the (Windows) virtual machine. A computer name may contain letters (A-Z), numbers(0-9) and hyphens (-) but no spaces or periods (.). The name may not consist entirely of digits. A computer name is restricted to 15 characters in length. If the computer name is longer than 15 characters, it will be truncated to 15 characters. Check HostnameGenerator for various options.      - domain (string): The fully qualified domain name.      - time_zone (string): The case-sensitive time zone, such as Europe/Sofia. Valid time zone values are based on the tz (time zone) database used by Linux. The values are strings (string) in the form "Area/Location," in which Area is a continent or ocean name, and Location is the city, island, or other regional designation.   See the https://kb.vmware.com/kb/2145518 for a list of supported time zones for different versions in Linux.  If unset, time zone is not modified inside guest operating system.      - script_text (string): The script to run before and after Linux guest customization.  The max size of the script is 65536 bytes. As long as the script (shell, perl, python...) has the right "#!" in the header, it is supported. The caller should not assume any environment variables when the script is run.   The script is invoked by the customization engine using the command line: 1) with argument "precustomization" before customization, 2) with argument "postcustomization" after customization. The script should parse this argument and implement pre-customization or post-customization task code details in the corresponding block.    A Linux shell script example:     #!/bin/sh  if [ x$1 == x"precustomization" ]; then  echo "Do Precustomization tasks"  #code for pre-customization actions...  elif [ x$1 == x"postcustomization" ]; then  echo "Do Postcustomization tasks"  #code for post-customization actions...  fi    If unset, no script will be executed.  - `cloud_config` (dict): Guest customization specification with cloud configuration. If unset, ConfigurationSpec.windows-config or ConfigurationSpec.linux-config must be set. Otherwise, an appropriate fault will be thrown. (['set'])    - Accepted keys:      - type (string): This option specifies different types of the cloud configuration. Accepted value for this field:        - `CLOUDINIT`      - cloudinit (object): cloud-init configuration This field is optional and it is only relevant when the value of CloudConfiguration.type is CLOUDINIT.
- `global_DNS_settings` (String) Global DNS settings constitute the DNS settings that are not specific to a particular virtual network adapter. This parameter is mandatory. Valid attributes are:  - `dns_suffix_list` (list): List of name resolution suffixes for the virtual network adapter. This list applies to both Windows and Linux guest customization. For Linux, this setting is global, whereas in Windows, this setting is listed on a per-adapter basis. If unset, no DNS suffixes are set. (['set'])  - `dns_servers` (list): List of DNS servers, for a virtual network adapter with a static IP address. If this list is empty, then the guest operating system is expected to use a DHCP server to get its DNS server settings. These settings configure the virtual machine to use the specified DNS servers. These DNS server settings are listed in the order of preference. If unset, no DNS servers are set. (['set'])
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `interfaces` (String) IP settings that are specific to a particular virtual network adapter. The AdapterMapping structure maps a network adapter's MAC address to its IPSettings. May be empty if there are no network adapters, else should match number of network adapters configured for the VM. This parameter is mandatory. Valid attributes are:  - `mac_address` (str): The MAC address of a network adapter being customized.   In vSphere 7.0 series, the MAC addresses must be specified in the ascending order of pciSlotNumber, otherwise a MAC address mismatch error will be reported. For further details, see the https://kb.vmware.com/s/article/87648     If unset, the customization process maps the the settings from the list of *i_p_settings* in the CustomizationSpec.interfaces to the virtual machine's network adapters, in PCI slot order. The first virtual network adapter on the PCI bus is assigned interfaces[0].IPSettings, the second adapter is assigned interfaces[1].IPSettings, and so on. (['set'])  - `adapter` (dict): The IP settings for the associated virtual network adapter. (['set'])    This key is required with ['set'].    - Accepted keys:      - ipv4 (object): Specification to configure IPv4 address, subnet mask and gateway info for this virtual network adapter. If unset, no IPv4 addresses are set.      - ipv6 (object): Specification to configure IPv6 address, subnet mask and gateway info for this virtual network adapter. If unset, no IPv6 addresses are set.      - windows (object): Windows settings to be configured for this specific virtual Network adapter. This is valid only for Windows guest operating systems. If unset, no specific Windows settings are set.
- `vcenter_hostname` (String) The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_HOST` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_password` (String) The vSphere vCenter password If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_PASSWORD` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_username` (String) The vSphere vCenter username If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_USER` will be used instead.
- `vm` (String) The unique identifier of the virtual machine that needs to be customized. The parameter must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info`. This parameter is mandatory.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `session_timeout` (Number) Timeout settings for client session.  The maximal number of seconds for the whole operation including connection establishment, request sending and response.  The default value is 300s.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String)
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vcenter_rest_log_file` (String) You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.  This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.  The file will be stored on the host that runs the module.  If the value is not specified in the task, the value of  environment variable `VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_validate_certs` (Boolean) Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to `false` when certificates are not trusted. If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS` will be used instead.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `value` (String) Customize the VM
