---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_vm_powerstate Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_vm_powerstate (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `datacenter` (String) The datacenter where the VM you'd like to operate the power.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Destination folder, absolute or relative path to find an existing guest. Should be the full folder path, with or without the 'datacenter/vm/' prefix For example 'datacenter_name/vm/path/to/folder' or 'path/to/folder'
- `folder_paths_are_absolute` (Boolean) If true, any folder path parameters are treated as absolute paths. If false, modules will try to intelligently determine if the path is absolute or relative. This option is useful when your environment has a complex folder structure. By default, modules will try to intelligently determine if the path is absolute or relative. They may mistakenly prepend the datacenter name or other folder names, and this option can be used to avoid this.
- `force` (Boolean) Ignore warnings and complete the actions. This parameter is useful while forcing virtual machine state.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the instance to manage if known, this is a unique identifier only within a single vCenter instance. This is required if `name` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual machine to work with. Virtual machine names in vCenter are not necessarily unique, which may be problematic, see `name_match`. This is required if `moid` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `name_match` (String) If multiple virtual machines matching the name, use the first or last found.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `question_answers` (String) A list of questions to answer, should one or more arise while waiting for the task to complete. Some common uses are to allow a cdrom to be changed even if locked, or to answer the question as to whether a VM was copied or moved. Can be used if `state` is `powered-on`.
- `scheduled_at` (String) Date and time in string format at which specified task needs to be performed. The required format for date and time - 'dd/mm/yyyy hh:mm'. Scheduling task requires vCenter server. A standalone ESXi server does not support this option.
- `scheduled_task_description` (String) Description of scheduled task. Valid only if `scheduled_at` is specified.
- `scheduled_task_enabled` (Boolean) Flag to indicate whether the scheduled task is enabled or disabled.
- `scheduled_task_name` (String) Name of scheduled task. Valid only if `scheduled_at` is specified.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Set the state of the virtual machine.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_instance_uuid` (Boolean) Whether to use the VMware instance UUID rather than the BIOS UUID.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the instance to manage if known, this is VMware's unique identifier. This is required if `name` or `moid` is not supplied.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vm` (String) Information about the target VM
