---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_vm_hardware_boot Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_vm_hardware_boot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `vcenter_hostname` (String) The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_HOST` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_password` (String) The vSphere vCenter password If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_PASSWORD` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_username` (String) The vSphere vCenter username If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_USER` will be used instead.
- `vm` (String) Virtual machine identifier. The parameter must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info`. This parameter is mandatory.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delay` (Number) Delay in milliseconds before beginning the firmware boot process when the virtual machine is powered on. This delay may be used to provide a time window for users to connect to the virtual machine console and enter BIOS setup mode. If unset, the value is unchanged.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `efi_legacy_boot` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether to use EFI legacy boot mode. If unset, the value is unchanged.
- `enter_setup_mode` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether the firmware boot process should automatically enter setup mode the next time the virtual machine boots. Note that this flag will automatically be reset to false once the virtual machine enters setup mode. If unset, the value is unchanged.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `network_protocol` (String) The *network_protocol* enumerated type defines the valid network boot protocols supported when booting a virtual machine with EFI firmware over the network.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `retry` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether the virtual machine should automatically retry the boot process after a failure. If unset, the value is unchanged.
- `retry_delay` (Number) Delay in milliseconds before retrying the boot process after a failure; applicable only when *retry* is true. If unset, the value is unchanged.
- `session_timeout` (Number) Timeout settings for client session.  The maximal number of seconds for the whole operation including connection establishment, request sending and response.  The default value is 300s.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String)
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The *type* enumerated type defines the valid firmware types for a virtual machine.
- `vcenter_rest_log_file` (String) You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.  This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.  The file will be stored on the host that runs the module.  If the value is not specified in the task, the value of  environment variable `VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_validate_certs` (Boolean) Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to `false` when certificates are not trusted. If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS` will be used instead.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `value` (String) Change a VM boot parameters
