---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_cluster_ha Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_cluster_ha (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster` (String) The name of the cluster to be managed.
- `datacenter` (String) The name of the datacenter.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `admission_control_cpu_reserve_percentage` (Number) Percentage of CPU resources in the cluster to reserve for failover. Only used if `admission_control_policy` is `cluster_resource`. By default, the `admission_control_failover_level` is used by vSphere to automatically calculate this value. Setting this option overrides that behavior.
- `admission_control_dedicated_hosts` (String) List of ESXi hosts to use as dedicated failover hosts. The list should be the names of ESXi hosts as seen in vCenter. Required if (and only used if) `admission_control_policy` is `dedicated_host`.
- `admission_control_failover_level` (Number) The number of host failures that should be tolerated by the cluster. The maximum is one less than the total number of hosts. If `admission_control_policy` is `dedicated_host`, the default value is the number of dedicated failover hosts. For all other `admission_control_policy` values, the default value is 1.
- `admission_control_memory_reserve_percentage` (Number) Percentage of memory resources in the cluster to reserve for failover. Only used if `admission_control_policy` is `cluster_resource`. By default, the `admission_control_failover_level` is used by vSphere to automatically calculate this value. Setting this option overrides that behavior.
- `admission_control_policy` (String) Configures a the policy type used for HA admission control. Admission control is a policy used by vSphere HA to ensure failover capacity within a cluster. Raising the number of potential host failures will increase the availability constraints and capacity reserved.
- `advanced_settings` (String) A dictionary of advanced HA settings. Allowed HA settings are more strict than VM allowed settings. If you get an error when managing them, compare your settings against the vSphere HA Advanced Options documentation.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable` (Boolean) Whether to enable HA.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host_failure_response` (String) Configures how VM workflows should be managed if an ESXi host is in a failure state.
- `host_isolation_response` (String) Specify how VMs should be handled if an ESXi host determines it can no longer reach the rest of the cluster. If set to `none`, no action is taken. If set to `powerOff`, VMs are powered off via the hypervisor. If set to `shutdown`, VMs are shut down via the guest operating system.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `storage_apd_response` (String) Configures what steps are taken when storage All Paths Down (APD) events occur.
- `storage_pdl_response_mode` (String) Set the response in the event of permanent Device Loss (PDL) for storage. APD differs from PDL, in that APD is assumed to be a transient outage and PDL is permanent. `disabled` means no action will be taken `warning` means no action will be taken, but events will be generated for logging purposes. `restart` means all VMs will be powered off. If hosts still have access to the datastore, affected VMs will be restarted on that host.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vm_monitoring` (String) Configures how VMs are monitored to determine health status, and what actions should be taken if they are unhealthy.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) Information about the HA config update task, if something changed If nothing changed, an empty dictionary is returned
