---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_vm_storage_policy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_vm_storage_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `vcenter_hostname` (String) The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_HOST` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_password` (String) The vSphere vCenter password If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_PASSWORD` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_username` (String) The vSphere vCenter username If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_USER` will be used instead.
- `vm` (String) Virtual machine identifier. The parameter must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info`. This parameter is mandatory.
- `vm_home` (String) Storage policy to be used when reconfiguring the virtual machine home. if unset the current storage policy is retained. This parameter is mandatory. Valid attributes are:  - `type` (str): This option defines the choices for how to specify the policy to be associated with the virtual machine home's directory. (['present'])    This key is required with ['present'].    - Accepted values:      - USE_DEFAULT_POLICY      - USE_SPECIFIED_POLICY  - `policy` (str): Storage Policy identification. This field is optional and it is only relevant when the value of *type* is USE_SPECIFIED_POLICY. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_storage_policies_info`. (['present'])

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `disks` (String) Storage policy or policies to be used when reconfiguring virtual machine diks. if unset the current storage policy is retained. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the key in the field map must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `session_timeout` (Number) Timeout settings for client session.  The maximal number of seconds for the whole operation including connection establishment, request sending and response.  The default value is 300s.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String)
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vcenter_rest_log_file` (String) You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.  This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.  The file will be stored on the host that runs the module.  If the value is not specified in the task, the value of  environment variable `VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_validate_certs` (Boolean) Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to `false` when certificates are not trusted. If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS` will be used instead.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `value` (String) Adjust VM storage policy
