---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_vm_advanced_settings Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_vm_advanced_settings (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `settings` (String) A dictionary that describes the advanced settings you want to manage. All settings values are converted to strings. The case of the string is taken into consideration when checking for changes. For example 'True' != 'TRUE'. When `state` is present, settings must have a value and cannot be an empty string or None (you can use the string 'None').

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datacenter` (String) The name of the datacenter to search for the VM. This is only used if `folder` is also used.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Destination folder, absolute or relative path to find an existing guest. Should be the full folder path, with or without the 'datacenter/vm/' prefix For example 'datacenter_name/vm/path/to/folder' or 'path/to/folder'
- `folder_paths_are_absolute` (Boolean) If true, any folder path parameters are treated as absolute paths. If false, modules will try to intelligently determine if the path is absolute or relative. This option is useful when your environment has a complex folder structure. By default, modules will try to intelligently determine if the path is absolute or relative. They may mistakenly prepend the datacenter name or other folder names, and this option can be used to avoid this.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the instance to manage if known, this is a unique identifier only within a single vCenter instance. This is required if `name` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual machine to work with. Virtual machine names in vCenter are not necessarily unique, which may be problematic, see `name_match`. This is required if `moid` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `name_match` (String) If multiple virtual machines matching the name, use the first or last found.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Set the state of the advanced settings on the VM. If present, the specified advanced settings are added to the VM if they are missing or the value is incorrect. If absent, the specified advanced settings are removed. If a setting is provided with an empty value, then the setting will be removed regardless of the current value on the VM.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_instance_uuid` (Boolean) Whether to use the VMware instance UUID rather than the BIOS UUID.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the instance to manage if known, this is VMware's unique identifier. This is required if `name` or `moid` is not supplied.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) Information about the vCenter task, if something changed
- `updated_settings` (String) Information about any settings that were changed. Includes the old value and the new value
- `vm` (String) Information about the target VM
