---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_deploy_folder_template Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_deploy_folder_template (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `esxi_host` (String) The name of the ESXi host onto which the virtual machine should be deployed. If `esxi_host` and `resource_pool` are both specified, `resource_pool` must belong to `esxi_host`. If `esxi_host` and `cluster` are both specified, `esxi_host` must be a member of `cluster`. Changing this option will not result in the VM being redeployed (it does not affect idempotency).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `power_on_after_deploy` (Boolean) Whether or not the VM should be powered on once it has been deployed. This is only applied when the VM is deployed. If the VM already exists, the power state is not modified. Changing this option will not result in the VM being redeployed (it does not affect idempotency).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template_folder` (String) The path to the folder where the template with `template_name` exists. This parameter is not used if `template_id` is supplied. This can be an absolute (/datacenter/vm/my/folder) or relative (my/folder) path. This parameter is mutually exclusive with `template_folder_id`.
- `template_folder_id` (String) The ID of the folder where the template with `template_name` exists. This parameter is not used if `template_id` is supplied. This parameter is mutually exclusive with `template_folder`.
- `template_id` (String) The ID of the template to use when deploying. This parameter takes precedence over `template_name` and `template_folder`
- `template_name` (String) The name of the template to use when deploying. You must also supply `template_folder` if you use this parameter. This parameter is not used if `template_id` is supplied.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vm` (String) Identifying information about the vm
