---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_subscribed_content_library Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_subscribed_content_library (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the subscribed content library to manage.

### Optional

- `always_update_password` (Boolean) If true and `authentication_password` is set, this module will always report a change and set the password value to `authentication_password` . If false, other properties are still checked for differences. If a difference is found, the value of `authentication_password` is still used. If `authentication_password` is unset, this parameter is ignored. This option is needed because there is no way to check the current password value and compare it against the desired password value.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authentication_method` (String) The method of authentication to use if this is a subscribed or published local library. If the library is a local, non-published library, this option has no effect. The only options are NONE for no authentication or BASIC for username and password authentication. The username for BASIC auth cannot be changed, and is vcsp.
- `authentication_password` (String) The password to use when `authentication_method` is `BASIC`. If BASIC auth is not enabled, this option is ignored.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datastore` (String) The name of the datastore that should be a storage backing for the library. This parameter is required when `state` is `present` This parameter only takes effect when the library is first created. You cannot change the storage backing for an existing library, and the module will not check this value in that case.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description for the content library.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `ssl_thumbprint` (String) If specified, the thumbprint presented by the subscribed URL will be validated against this value.
- `state` (String) Whether the content library should be present or absent.
- `subscription_url` (String) The URL of the remote library to which you want to subscribe. This parameter is required when configuring a subscribed library.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `update_on_demand` (Boolean) Whether to download all content on demand, or download all content ahead of time.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `library` (String) Identifying information about the library If the library was removed, only the name is returned
