---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_tag_categories Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_tag_categories (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `tag_categories` (String) A list of tag categories to manage. Providing the ID instead of the name will reduce the number of API calls, and potentially speed up the module execution.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether ensure the tag categories are present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `created_categories` (String) List of tag category IDs that were created by this module. The list is empty if no tag categories were created.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `removed_categories` (String) List of tag category IDs that were removed by this module. The list is empty if no tag categories were removed.
- `updated_categories` (String) List of tag category IDs that were updated by this module. The list is empty if no tag categories were updated.
- `vsphere_tag_categories` (String) Dictionary of tag categories that were managed by this module. This includes any tag categories that the user specified, even if nothing was changed. The key is the tag category ID, the value is a dictionary with tag category information.
