---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_cluster_vcls Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_cluster_vcls (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster` (String) The name of the cluster to be managed.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `allowed_datastores` (String) Exclusive list of the allowed datastores. If there is an existing list configured in vCenter, it will be overridden by this value.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datacenter` (String) The name of the datacenter where the cluster and datastores can be found. If the cluster_name is unique for your environment, the datacenter is optional.
- `datastores_to_add` (String) List of datastores to add to the vCLS config The module will make sure these datastores are present in the config, and not change other datastores that are present.
- `datastores_to_remove` (String) List of datastores to remove from the vCLS config The module will make sure these datastores are absent from the config, and not change other datastores that are present.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `added_datastores` (String) List of datastores that were added by this module. Empty if none had to be added
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `reconfig_task_result` (String) Information about the vSphere task to re-configure vCLS
- `removed_datastores` (String) List of datastores that were removed by this module. Empty if none had to be removed
