---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_host_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_host_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `vcenter_hostname` (String) The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_HOST` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_password` (String) The vSphere vCenter password If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_PASSWORD` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_username` (String) The vSphere vCenter username If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_USER` will be used instead.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clusters` (String) Clusters that must contain the hosts for the hosts to match the filter. If unset or empty, hosts in any cluster and hosts that are not in a cluster match the filter. If this field is not empty and *standalone* is true, no hosts will match the filter. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must contain the id of resources returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_cluster_info`.
- `connection_states` (String) Connection states that a host must be in to match the filter (see ** If unset or empty, hosts in any connection state match the filter.
- `datacenters` (String) Datacenters that must contain the hosts for the hosts to match the filter. If unset or empty, hosts in any datacenter match the filter. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must contain the id of resources returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_datacenter_info`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folders` (String) Folders that must contain the hosts for the hosts to match the filter. If unset or empty, hosts in any folder match the filter. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must contain the id of resources returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_folder_info`.
- `hosts` (String) Identifiers of hosts that can match the filter. If unset or empty, hosts with any identifier match the filter. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must contain the id of resources returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_host_info`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `names` (String) Names that hosts must have to match the filter (see *name*). If unset or empty, hosts with any name match the filter.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `session_timeout` (Number) Timeout settings for client session.  The maximal number of seconds for the whole operation including connection establishment, request sending and response.  The default value is 300s.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `standalone` (Boolean) If true, only hosts that are not part of a cluster can match the filter, and if false, only hosts that are are part of a cluster can match the filter. If unset Hosts can match filter independent of whether they are part of a cluster or not. If this field is true and *clusters* os not empty, no hosts will match the filter.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vcenter_rest_log_file` (String) You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.  This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.  The file will be stored on the host that runs the module.  If the value is not specified in the task, the value of  environment variable `VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_validate_certs` (Boolean) Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to `false` when certificates are not trusted. If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS` will be used instead.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `value` (String) Get a list of the hosts
