---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_tags Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_tags (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether ensure the tags are present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `created_tags` (String) List of tag IDs that were created by this module. The list is empty if no tags were created.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `removed_tags` (String) List of tag IDs that were removed by this module. The list is empty if no tags were removed.
- `updated_tags` (String) List of tag IDs that were updated by this module. The list is empty if no tags were updated.
- `vsphere_tags` (String) Dictionary of tags that were managed by this module. This includes any tags that the user specified, even if nothing was changed. The key is the tag ID, the value is a dictionary with tag information.
