---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_vm_snapshot Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_vm_snapshot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datacenter` (String) Datacenter to search for the virtual machine.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Define an arbitrary description to attach to snapshot.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Absolute or relative folder path to search for the virtual machine. This parameter is required if `name` is supplied. For example 'datacenter name/vm/path/to/folder' or 'path/to/folder'
- `folder_paths_are_absolute` (Boolean) If true, any folder path parameters are treated as absolute paths. If false, modules will try to intelligently determine if the path is absolute or relative. This option is useful when your environment has a complex folder structure. By default, modules will try to intelligently determine if the path is absolute or relative. They may mistakenly prepend the datacenter name or other folder names, and this option can be used to avoid this.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `memory_dump` (Boolean) If set to `true`, memory dump of virtual machine is also included in snapshot. Note that memory snapshots take time and resources, this will take longer time to create. If virtual machine does not provide capability to take memory snapshot, then this flag is set to `false`.
- `moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the virtual machine to manage. This is required if `name` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual machine to work with. This is required parameter, if `uuid` or `moid` is not supplied.
- `name_match` (String) If multiple VMs with the same name exist, use the first or last found.
- `new_snapshot_name` (String) If the snapshot already exists, it will be renamed to this value.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `quiesce` (Boolean) If set to `true` and virtual machine is powered on, it will quiesce the file system in virtual machine. Note that VMware Tools are required for this flag. If virtual machine is powered off or VMware Tools are not available, then this flag is set to `false`. If virtual machine does not provide capability to take quiesce snapshot, then this flag is set to `false`.
- `remove_all` (Boolean) Removes all snapshots in VM if set to true. Allowed only when `state` is `absent`
- `remove_children` (Boolean) If set to `true` and `state=absent`, then the entire snapshot subtree will be removed.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `snapshot_id` (Number) The ID of the snapshot to manage. This option cannot be used when creating a new snapshot. Either this parameter or `snapshot_name` is required if `remove_all` is set to False.
- `snapshot_name` (String) The name of the snapshot to manage. Either this parameter or `snapshot_id` is required if `remove_all` is set to False.
- `state` (String) Manage snapshot(s) attached to a specific virtual machine. If set to `present` and the snapshot absent, a new snapshot will be created with the given name. If set to `present`, the snapshot is present, and `new_snapshot_name` or `description` are set, the snapshot name or description is updated. If set to `absent` and snapshot present, then the snapshot with the given name is removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_instance_uuid` (Boolean) Whether to use the VMware instance UUID rather than the BIOS UUID.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the instance to manage. This is VMware's BIOS UUID by default. This is required if `name` or `moid` parameter is not supplied.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) Information about the vCenter task, if one was run
- `snapshot` (String) Metadata about the affected virtual machine snapshot
- `vm` (String) Information about the target VM
