---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_appliance_networking_proxy Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_appliance_networking_proxy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `protocol` (String) The protocol for which proxy should be set. This parameter is mandatory.
- `vcenter_hostname` (String) The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_HOST` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_password` (String) The vSphere vCenter password If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_PASSWORD` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_username` (String) The vSphere vCenter username If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_USER` will be used instead.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config` (String) Proxy configuration for the specific protocol. Required with *state=['test']* Valid attributes are:  - `server` (str): URL of the proxy server (['test'])    This key is required with ['test'].  - `port` (int): Port to connect to the proxy server. In a 'get' call, indicates the port connected to the proxy server. In a 'set' call, specifies the port to connect to the proxy server. A value of -1 indicates the default port. (['test'])    This key is required with ['test'].  - `username` (str): Username for proxy server. Only set if proxy requires username. (['test'])  - `password` (str): Password for proxy server. Only set if proxy requires password. (['test'])  - `enabled` (bool): In the result of the #get and #list operations this field indicates whether proxying is enabled for a particular protocol. In the input to the test and set operations this field specifies whether proxying should be enabled for a particular protocol. (['test'])    This key is required with ['test'].
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) In the result of the #get and #list operations this field indicates whether proxying is enabled for a particular protocol. In the input to the test and set operations this field specifies whether proxying should be enabled for a particular protocol. Required with *state=['set']*
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host` (String) A hostname, IPv4 or Ipv6 address. Required with *state=['test']*
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) Password for proxy server. Only set if proxy requires password.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) Port to connect to the proxy server. In a 'get' call, indicates the port connected to the proxy server. In a 'set' call, specifies the port to connect to the proxy server. A value of -1 indicates the default port. Required with *state=['set']*
- `server` (String) URL of the proxy server Required with *state=['set']*
- `session_timeout` (Number) Timeout settings for client session.  The maximal number of seconds for the whole operation including connection establishment, request sending and response.  The default value is 300s.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String)
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `username` (String) Username for proxy server. Only set if proxy requires username.
- `vcenter_rest_log_file` (String) You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.  This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.  The file will be stored on the host that runs the module.  If the value is not specified in the task, the value of  environment variable `VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_validate_certs` (Boolean) Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to `false` when certificates are not trusted. If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS` will be used instead.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `value` (String) Delete the HTTP proxy configuration
