---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_deploy_content_library_template Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_deploy_content_library_template (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `esxi_host` (String) The name of the ESXi host onto which the virtual machine should be deployed. If `esxi_host` and `resource_pool` are both specified, `resource_pool` must belong to `esxi_host`. If `esxi_host` and `cluster` are both specified, `esxi_host` must be a member of `cluster`. Changing this option will not result in the VM being redeployed (it does not affect idempotency).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `library_id` (String) The ID of the content library where the template exists. This is an optional parameter, but may be required if you use `template_name` and have multiple templates in different libraries with the same name. This option is mutually exclusive with `library_name`.
- `library_item_id` (String) The ID of content library template to use when deploying the VM. This option is mutually exclusive with `library_item_name`. One of either `library_item_name` or `library_item_id` is required.
- `library_item_name` (String) The name of content library template to use when deploying the VM. This option is mutually exclusive with `library_item_id`. One of either `library_item_name` or `library_item_id` is required.
- `library_name` (String) The name of the content library where the template exists. This is an optional parameter, but may be required if you use `template_name` and have multiple templates in different libraries with the same name. This option is mutually exclusive with `library_id`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `power_on_after_deploy` (Boolean) Whether or not the VM should be powered on once it has been deployed. This is only applied when the VM is deployed. If the VM already exists, the power state is not modified. Changing this option will not result in the VM being redeployed (it does not affect idempotency).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vm` (String) Identifying information about the vm
