---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_folder_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_folder_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `vcenter_hostname` (String) The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_HOST` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_password` (String) The vSphere vCenter password If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_PASSWORD` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_username` (String) The vSphere vCenter username If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_USER` will be used instead.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datacenters` (String) Datacenters that must contain the folder for the folder to match the filter. If unset or empty, folder in any datacenter match the filter. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must contain the id of resources returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_datacenter_info`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folders` (String) Identifiers of folders that can match the filter. If unset or empty, folders with any identifier match the filter. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must contain the id of resources returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_folder_info`.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `names` (String) Names that folders must have to match the filter (see *name*). If unset or empty, folders with any name match the filter.
- `parent_folders` (String) Folders that must contain the folder for the folder to match the filter. If unset or empty, folder in any folder match the filter. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must contain the id of resources returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_folder_info`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `session_timeout` (Number) Timeout settings for client session.  The maximal number of seconds for the whole operation including connection establishment, request sending and response.  The default value is 300s.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The *type* enumerated type defines the type of a vCenter Server folder. The type of a folder determines what what kinds of children can be contained in the folder.
- `vcenter_rest_log_file` (String) You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.  This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.  The file will be stored on the host that runs the module.  If the value is not specified in the task, the value of  environment variable `VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_validate_certs` (Boolean) Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to `false` when certificates are not trusted. If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS` will be used instead.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `value` (String) Build a list of all the folders with the type VIRTUAL_MACHINE and called vm
