---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `vcenter_hostname` (String) The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_HOST` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_password` (String) The vSphere vCenter password If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_PASSWORD` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_username` (String) The vSphere vCenter username If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_USER` will be used instead.
- `vm` (String) Virtual machine identifier. The parameter must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info`. This parameter is mandatory.

### Optional

- `allow_guest_control` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether the guest can connect and disconnect the device. If unset, the value is unchanged.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `backing` (String) Physical resource backing for the virtual Ethernet adapter. If unset, the system may try to find an appropriate backing. If one is not found, the request will fail. Required with *state=['present']* Valid attributes are:  - `type` (str): This option defines the valid backing types for a virtual Ethernet adapter. (['present'])    This key is required with ['present'].    - Accepted values:      - DISTRIBUTED_PORTGROUP      - HOST_DEVICE      - OPAQUE_NETWORK      - STANDARD_PORTGROUP  - `network` (str): Identifier of the network that backs the virtual Ethernet adapter. This field is optional and it is only relevant when the value of *type* is one of STANDARD_PORTGROUP, DISTRIBUTED_PORTGROUP, or OPAQUE_NETWORK. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_network_info`. (['present'])  - `distributed_port` (str): Key of the distributed virtual port that backs the virtual Ethernet adapter. Depending on the type of the Portgroup, the port may be specified using this field. If the portgroup type is early-binding (also known as static), a port is assigned when the Ethernet adapter is configured to use the port. The port may be either automatically or specifically assigned based on the value of this field. If the portgroup type is ephemeral, the port is created and assigned to a virtual machine when it is powered on and the Ethernet adapter is connected. This field cannot be specified as no free ports exist before use. May be used to specify a port when the network specified on the *network* field is a static or early binding distributed portgroup. If unset, the port will be automatically assigned to the Ethernet adapter based on the policy embodied by the portgroup type. (['present'])
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `label` (String) The name of the item
- `mac_address` (String) MAC address.   This field may be modified at any time, and changes will be applied the next time the virtual machine is powered on.  If unset, the value is unchanged. Must be specified if *mac_type* is MANUAL. Must be unset if the MAC address type is not MANUAL.
- `mac_type` (String) The *mac_address_type* enumerated type defines the valid MAC address origins for a virtual Ethernet adapter.
- `nic` (String) Virtual Ethernet adapter identifier. The parameter must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet`. Required with *state=['absent', 'connect', 'disconnect', 'present']*
- `pci_slot_number` (Number) Address of the virtual Ethernet adapter on the PCI bus. If the PCI address is invalid, the server will change when it the VM is started or as the device is hot added. If unset, the server will choose an available address when the virtual machine is powered on.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `session_timeout` (Number) Timeout settings for client session.  The maximal number of seconds for the whole operation including connection establishment, request sending and response.  The default value is 300s.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `start_connected` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether the virtual device should be connected whenever the virtual machine is powered on. If unset, the value is unchanged.
- `state` (String)
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `type` (String) The *emulation_type* enumerated type defines the valid emulation types for a virtual Ethernet adapter.
- `upt_compatibility_enabled` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether Universal Pass-Through (UPT) compatibility should be enabled on this virtual Ethernet adapter.   This field may be modified at any time, and changes will be applied the next time the virtual machine is powered on.  If unset, the value is unchanged. Must be unset if the emulation type of the virtual Ethernet adapter is not VMXNET3.
- `vcenter_rest_log_file` (String) You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.  This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.  The file will be stored on the host that runs the module.  If the value is not specified in the task, the value of  environment variable `VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_validate_certs` (Boolean) Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to `false` when certificates are not trusted. If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS` will be used instead.
- `wake_on_lan_enabled` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether wake-on-LAN shoud be enabled on this virtual Ethernet adapter.   This field may be modified at any time, and changes will be applied the next time the virtual machine is powered on.  If unset, the value is unchanged.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `value` (String) Attach a VM to a dvswitch
