---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_vmtemplate_libraryitems Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_vmtemplate_libraryitems (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) Name of the deployed virtual machine. This parameter is mandatory.
- `vcenter_hostname` (String) The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_HOST` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_password` (String) The vSphere vCenter password If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_PASSWORD` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_username` (String) The vSphere vCenter username If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_USER` will be used instead.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) Description of the deployed virtual machine. If unset, the deployed virtual machine has the same description as the source library item.
- `disk_storage` (String) Storage specification for the deployed virtual machine's disks. If both *disk_storage_overrides* and *disk_storage* are unset, the deployed virtual machine's disks are created with the same storage spec as the corresponding disks in the source virtual machine template contained in the library item.   If *disk_storage_overrides* is unset and *disk_storage* is specified, all of the deployed virtual machine's disks are created with the storage spec specified by *disk_storage*.    If *disk_storage_overrides* is specified and *disk_storage* is unset, disks with identifiers that are not in *disk_storage_overrides* are created with the same storage spec as the corresponding disks in the source virtual machine template contained in the library item.    If both *disk_storage_overrides* and *disk_storage* are specified, disks with identifiers that are not in *disk_storage_overrides* are created with the storage spec specified by *disk_storage*. Valid attributes are:  - `datastore` (str): Identifier for the datastore associated the deployed virtual machine's disk. This field is currently required.   If *storage_policy* is also specified and is incompatible with the *datastore*, then the disk will be flagged as being out of compliance with the specified storage policy.  When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_datastore_info`. (['deploy', 'present'])  - `storage_policy` (dict): Storage policy for the deployed virtual machine's disk. If unset, *datastore* must be specified and the deployed virtual machine's disk is created with the default storage policy associated with the *datastore*. (['deploy', 'present'])    - Accepted keys:      - type (string): Policy type for a virtual machine template's disk. Accepted value for this field:        - `USE_SPECIFIED_POLICY`      - policy (string): Identifier for the storage policy to use. This field is optional and it is only relevant when the value of *type* is USE_SPECIFIED_POLICY. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_storage_policies_info`.
- `disk_storage_overrides` (String) Storage specification for individual disks in the deployed virtual machine. This is specified as a mapping between disk identifiers in the source virtual machine template contained in the library item and their storage specifications. If both *disk_storage_overrides* and *disk_storage* are unset, the deployed virtual machine's disks are created with the same storage spec as the corresponding disks in the source virtual machine template contained in the library item.   If *disk_storage_overrides* is unset and *disk_storage* is specified, all of the deployed virtual machine's disks are created with the storage spec specified by *disk_storage*.    If *disk_storage_overrides* is specified and *disk_storage* is unset, disks with identifiers that are not in *disk_storage_overrides* are created with the same storage spec as the corresponding disks in the source virtual machine template contained in the library item.    If both *disk_storage_overrides* and *disk_storage* are specified, disks with identifiers that are not in *disk_storage_overrides* are created with the storage spec specified by *disk_storage*.   When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the key in the field map must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk`.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `guest_customization` (String) Guest customization spec to apply to the deployed virtual machine. If unset, the guest operating system is not customized after deployment. Valid attributes are:  - `name` (str): Name of the customization specification. If unset, no guest customization is performed. (['deploy'])
- `hardware_customization` (String) Hardware customization spec which specifies updates to the deployed virtual machine. If unset, the deployed virtual machine has the same hardware configuration as the source virtual machine template contained in the library item. Valid attributes are:  - `nics` (dict): Map of Ethernet network adapters to update. If unset, all Ethernet adapters will remain connected to the same network as they were in the source virtual machine template. An Ethernet adapter with a MacAddressType of MANUAL will not change. An Ethernet adapter with a MacAddressType of GENERATED or ASSIGNED will receive a new address. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the key in the field map must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_ethernet`. (['deploy'])  - `disks_to_remove` (list): Idenfiers of disks to remove from the deployed virtual machine. If unset, all disks will be copied. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must contain the id of resources returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk`. (['deploy'])  - `disks_to_update` (dict): Disk update specification for individual disks in the deployed virtual machine. If unset, disks in the deployed virtual machine will have the same settings as the corresponding disks in the source virtual machine template contained in the library item. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the key in the field map must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_hardware_disk`. (['deploy'])  - `cpu_update` (dict): CPU update specification for the deployed virtual machine. If {@term.unset}, the deployed virtual machine has the same CPU settings as the source virtual machine template contained in the library item. (['deploy'])    - Accepted keys:      - num_cpus (integer): Number of virtual processors in the deployed virtual machine. If {@term.unset}, the deployed virtual machine has the same CPU count as the source virtual machine template contained in the library item.      - num_cores_per_socket (integer): Number of cores among which to distribute CPUs in the deployed virtual machine. If {@term.unset}, the deployed virtual machine has the same number of cores per socket as the source virtual machine template contained in the library item.  - `memory_update` (dict): Memory update specification for the deployed virtual machine. If {@term.unset}, the deployed virtual machine has the same memory settings as the source virtual machine template contained in the library item. (['deploy'])    - Accepted keys:      - memory (integer): Size of a virtual machine's memory in MB. If {@term.unset}, the deployed virtual machine has the same memory size as the source virtual machine template.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `library` (String) Identifier of the library in which the new library item should be created. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.content_library_info`. Required with *state=['present']*
- `placement` (String) Information used to place the deployed virtual machine. This field is currently required. In the future, if this field is unset, the system will use the values from the source virtual machine template contained in the library item.   If specified, each field will be used for placement. If the fields result in disjoint placement, the operation will fail. If the fields along with the placement values of the source virtual machine template result in disjoint placement, the operation will fail. Valid attributes are:  - `folder` (str): Virtual machine folder into which the deployed virtual machine should be placed. This field is currently required.   If unset, the system will attempt to choose a suitable folder for the virtual machine; if a folder cannot be chosen, the virtual machine deployment operation will fail.   When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_folder_info`. (['deploy', 'present'])  - `resource_pool` (str): Resource pool into which the deployed virtual machine should be placed. If unset, the system will attempt to choose a suitable resource pool for the virtual machine; if a resource pool cannot be chosen, the virtual machine deployment operation will fail. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_resourcepool_info`. (['deploy', 'present'])  - `host` (str): Host onto which the virtual machine should be placed. If *host* and *resource_pool* are both specified, *resource_pool* must belong to *host*. If *host* and *cluster* are both specified, *host* must be a member of *cluster*. This field may be unset if *resource_pool* or *cluster* is specified. If unset, the system will attempt to choose a suitable host for the virtual machine; if a host cannot be chosen, the virtual machine deployment operation will fail. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_host_info`. (['deploy', 'present'])  - `cluster` (str): Cluster onto which the deployed virtual machine should be placed. If *cluster* and *resource_pool* are both specified, *resource_pool* must belong to *cluster*. If *cluster* and *host* are both specified, *host* must be a member of *cluster*. If *resource_pool* or *host* is specified, it is recommended that this field be unset. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_cluster_info`. (['deploy', 'present'])
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `powered_on` (Boolean) Specifies whether the deployed virtual machine should be powered on after deployment. If unset, the virtual machine will not be powered on after deployment.
- `session_timeout` (Number) Timeout settings for client session.  The maximal number of seconds for the whole operation including connection establishment, request sending and response.  The default value is 300s.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `source_vm` (String) Identifier of the source virtual machine to create the library item from. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info`. Required with *state=['present']*
- `state` (String)
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `template_library_item` (String) identifier of the content library item containing the source virtual machine template to be deployed. The parameter must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.content_library_item_info`. Required with *state=['deploy']*
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vcenter_rest_log_file` (String) You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.  This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.  The file will be stored on the host that runs the module.  If the value is not specified in the task, the value of  environment variable `VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_validate_certs` (Boolean) Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to `false` when certificates are not trusted. If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS` will be used instead.
- `vm_home_storage` (String) Storage location for the virtual machine template's configuration and log files. If unset, the virtual machine template's configuration and log files are placed on the default storage backing associated with the library specified by ** Valid attributes are:  - `datastore` (str): Identifier of the datastore for the deployed virtual machine's configuration and log files. This field is currently required.   When *storage_policy* is also specified and is incompatible with the *datastore*, then the deployed virtual machine will be flagged as being out of compliance with the specified storage policy.  When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_datastore_info`. (['deploy', 'present'])  - `storage_policy` (dict): Storage policy for the deployed virtual machine's configuration and log files. If unset, *datastore* must be specified and the deployed virtual machine's configuration and log files are created with the default storage policy associated with the *datastore*. (['deploy', 'present'])    - Accepted keys:      - type (string): Policy type for the virtual machine template's configuration and log files. Accepted value for this field:        - `USE_SPECIFIED_POLICY`      - policy (string): Identifier for the storage policy to use. This field is optional and it is only relevant when the value of *type* is USE_SPECIFIED_POLICY. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_storage_policies_info`.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `value` (String) Create a VM template on the library
