---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_host Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_host (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `vcenter_hostname` (String) The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_HOST` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_password` (String) The vSphere vCenter password If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_PASSWORD` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_username` (String) The vSphere vCenter username If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_USER` will be used instead.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Host and cluster folder in which the new standalone host should be created. This field is currently required. In the future, if this field is unset, the system will attempt to choose a suitable folder for the host; if a folder cannot be chosen, the host creation operation will fail. When clients pass a value of this structure as a parameter, the field must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_folder_info`.
- `force_add` (Boolean) Whether host should be added to the vCenter Server even if it is being managed by another vCenter Server. The original vCenterServer loses connection to the host. If unset, forceAdd is default to false.
- `host` (String) Identifier of the host to be disconnected. The parameter must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_host_info`. Required with *state=['absent', 'connect', 'disconnect']*
- `hostname` (String) The IP address or DNS resolvable name of the host. Required with *state=['present']*
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `password` (String) The password for the administrator account on the host. Required with *state=['present']*
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) The port of the host. If unset, port 443 will be used.
- `session_timeout` (Number) Timeout settings for client session.  The maximal number of seconds for the whole operation including connection establishment, request sending and response.  The default value is 300s.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String)
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `thumbprint` (String) The thumbprint of the SSL certificate, which the host is expected to have. The thumbprint is always computed using the SHA1 hash and is the string representation of that hash in the format: xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx where, 'x' represents a hexadecimal digit. This field is optional and it is only relevant when the value of *thumbprint_verification* is THUMBPRINT.
- `thumbprint_verification` (String) The *thumbprint_verification* enumerated type defines the thumbprint verification schemes for a host's SSL certificate. Required with *state=['present']*
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `user_name` (String) The administrator account on the host. Required with *state=['present']*
- `vcenter_rest_log_file` (String) You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.  This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.  The file will be stored on the host that runs the module.  If the value is not specified in the task, the value of  environment variable `VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_validate_certs` (Boolean) Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to `false` when certificates are not trusted. If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS` will be used instead.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `value` (String) Connect the host(s)
