---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_content_library_item_info Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_content_library_item_info (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `library_id` (String) The ID of the library to search within. Mutually exclusive with `library_name` If neither `library_id` nor `library_name` are provided, all libraries will be considered relevant when searching.
- `library_item_id` (String) The ID of the library item for which to search. Mutually exclusive with `library_item_name`. Also mutually exclusive with `library_id`, and `library_name` since item IDs are unique within a vCenter. If `library_id` or `library_name` are defined, only items in that library will be included in the results. If neither `library_item_id` nor `library_item_name` are provided, all items in the relevant libraries will be returned.
- `library_item_name` (String) The ID of the library item for which to search. Mutually exclusive with `library_item_id`. If `library_id` or `library_name` are defined, only items in that library will be included in the results. If neither `library_item_id` nor `library_item_name` are provided, all items in the relevant libraries will be returned.
- `library_name` (String) The name of the library to search within. Mutually exclusive with `library_id` If neither `library_id` nor `library_name` are provided, all libraries will be considered relevant when searching.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `library_item_info` (String) A list of dictionaries describing the library items found
