---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_local_content_library Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_local_content_library (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `name` (String) The name of the local content library to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authentication_current_password` (String) The current password for the library when the library is using BASIC authentication. If not supplied, the value of `authentication_password` is used. You must supply a password when the library is already configured with BASIC auth and `state` is `present`. If you want to update the password, set this to the old password and `authentication_password` to the new password. If BASIC auth is not enabled, this option is ignored.
- `authentication_method` (String) The method of authentication to use if this is published local library. The only options are NONE for no authentication or BASIC for username and password authentication. The username for BASIC authentication cannot be changed and is vcsp.
- `authentication_password` (String) The password to use when `authentication_method` is `BASIC`. If authentication is already enabled on the library, you must supply the password to update the library. If `authentication_current_password` is supplied, `authentication_password` should be the new password you want to use for this library. If BASIC auth is not enabled, this option is ignored.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `datastore` (String) The name of the datastore that should be a storage backing for the library. This parameter is required when `state` is `present` This parameter only takes effect when the library is first created. You cannot change the storage backing for an existing library, and the module will not check this value in that case.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `description` (String) The description for the content library.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `persist_json_enabled` (Boolean) If true, a JSON file describing the library metadata will be kept in the library. This file allows you to sync a remote library by copying the library contents instead of relying on HTTP.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `publish` (Boolean) If true, this library will be published so other libraries can subscribe to it.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the content library should be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `library` (String) Identifying information about the library If the library was removed, only the name is returned If the library was published, the publish_url is returned
