---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_vm_guest_filesystem_directories Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_vcenter_vm_guest_filesystem_directories (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `credentials` (String) The guest authentication data. This parameter is mandatory. Valid attributes are:  - `interactive_session` (bool): If set, the operation will interact with the logged-in desktop session in the guest. This requires that the logged-on user matches the user specified by the Credentials. This is currently only supported for USERNAME_PASSWORD. (['absent', 'create_temporary', 'move', 'present'])    This key is required with ['absent', 'create_temporary', 'move', 'present'].  - `type` (str): Types of guest credentials (['absent', 'create_temporary', 'move', 'present'])    This key is required with ['absent', 'create_temporary', 'move', 'present'].    - Accepted values:      - SAML_BEARER_TOKEN      - USERNAME_PASSWORD  - `user_name` (str): For SAML_BEARER_TOKEN, this is the guest user to be associated with the credentials. For USERNAME_PASSWORD this is the guest username. If no user is specified for SAML_BEARER_TOKEN, a guest dependent mapping will decide what guest user account is applied. (['absent', 'create_temporary', 'move', 'present'])  - `password` (str): password This field is optional and it is only relevant when the value of Credentials.type is USERNAME_PASSWORD. (['absent', 'create_temporary', 'move', 'present'])  - `saml_token` (str): SAML Bearer Token This field is optional and it is only relevant when the value of Credentials.type is SAML_BEARER_TOKEN. (['absent', 'create_temporary', 'move', 'present'])
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `vcenter_hostname` (String) The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_HOST` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_password` (String) The vSphere vCenter password If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_PASSWORD` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_username` (String) The vSphere vCenter username If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_USER` will be used instead.
- `vm` (String) Virtual Machine to perform the operation on. The parameter must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.vcenter_vm_info`. This parameter is mandatory.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `create_parents` (Boolean) Whether any parent directories should be created. If any failure occurs, some parent directories could be left behind. If unset parent directories are not created.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `new_path` (String) The complete path to where the directory is moved or its new name. It cannot be a path to an existing directory or an existing file. Required with *state=['move']*
- `parent_path` (String) The complete path to the directory in which to create the new directory. Directory If unset a guest-specific default will be used.
- `path` (String) The complete path to the directory to be created. Required with *state=['absent', 'move', 'present']*
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `prefix` (String) The prefix to be given to the new temporary directory. Required with *state=['create_temporary']*
- `recursive` (Boolean) If true, all files and subdirectories are also deleted. If false, the directory must be empty for the operation to succeed. If unset, any directory content is not deleted.
- `session_timeout` (Number) Timeout settings for client session.  The maximal number of seconds for the whole operation including connection establishment, request sending and response.  The default value is 300s.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String)
- `suffix` (String) The suffix to be given to the new temporary directory. Required with *state=['create_temporary']*
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vcenter_rest_log_file` (String) You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.  This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.  The file will be stored on the host that runs the module.  If the value is not specified in the task, the value of  environment variable `VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_validate_certs` (Boolean) Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to `false` when certificates are not trusted. If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS` will be used instead.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
