---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_vcsa_backup_schedule Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_vcsa_backup_schedule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `always_update_password` (Boolean) If true and `encryption_password` or `location.password` is set, this module will always report a change and set the appropriate password values. If false, other properties are still checked for differences. If a difference is found, the value of `encryption_password` and/or `location.password` is still used. If the password options are unset, this parameter is ignored. This option is needed because there is no way to check the current password value and compare it against the desired password value.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `db_fast_backup` (Boolean) If true, the underlying Postgres DB/VCDB will use a fast backup method.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not the schedule should be enabled.
- `encryption_password` (String) A password to use to encrypt the backup. If this is unset, the backup is not encrypted.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `include_stats_events_and_tasks` (Boolean) If true, historical data about stats, events, and tasks will be included in the backups.
- `include_supervisors_control_plane` (Boolean) If true, the supervisors control plane will be included in the backups.
- `location` (String) Options describing the location where the backup should be stored.
- `name` (String) The name of the backup schedule. This must be unique, and is used as an identifier for the schedule. Your VCSA may only allow for one schedule. If you create this schedule via the web UI, its name is 'default'. You can change the name by deleting the existing schedule and creating a new one with a new name.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `retain_count` (Number) The number of backups to retain. If this is set to 0, all backups are kept.
- `schedule` (String) Options describing the timing and recurrence of the backup schedule.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether the schedule should be present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vcsa` (String) Identifying information about the appliance
