---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_vm Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_vm (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `allow_power_cycling` (Boolean) Whether to allow the VM to be powered off and on when required by the changes detected by the module. For example, if the module detects CPU changes and hot add is not enabled, you can enable this parameter to allow the VM to be powered off, updated, and then powered on automatically. If this is set to false, a failure will occur if the VM needs to be powered off before changes can be applied. A "hard" power off is performed when the VM is powered off. If you do not want this, you could use this module in check mode, `vmware.vmware.vm_powerstate` module to power off the VM if needed, and then this module again to apply the changes.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `cdroms` (String) CD-ROMs to manage on the VM. The order of this list does matter, since you cannot specify the CDROM index number in vSphere. In other words, the first CDROM in this list will always manage the first CDROM on the VM.
- `cdroms_remove_unmanaged` (Boolean) Whether to remove CD-ROMs that are not specified in the `cdroms` parameter. If this is set to true, any CD-ROMs that are not specified in the `cdroms` parameter will be removed. If this is set to false, the module will ignore CD-ROMs that are not specified in the `cdroms` parameter.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster` (String) The cluster in which to place the VM. This is required when creating a new VM. You cannot use this module to modify the placement of a VM once it has been created. This parameter is ignored if the VM already exists.
- `cpu` (String) Options related to CPU resource allocation. This is required when creating a new VM.
- `datacenter` (String) The datacenter in which to place the VM. This is required when creating a new VM. You cannot use this module to modify the placement of a VM once it has been created. This parameter is ignored if the VM already exists.
- `datastore` (String) The datastore on which to place the VM. This is required when creating a new VM, or when creating new disks. You cannot use this module to modify the placement of a VM once it has been created. This parameter is ignored if the VM or disk already exists.
- `datastore_cluster` (String) The datastore cluster on which to place the VM. This is required when creating a new VM. This is required when creating a new VM, or when creating new disks. You cannot use this module to modify the placement of a VM once it has been created. This parameter is ignored if the VM or disk already exists.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `delete_from_inventory` (Boolean) Whether to delete the VM from the datastore when removing it, or just remove the VM from the vSphere inventory. If this is set to true, the VM will be deleted from the datastore when it is removed. If this is set to false, the VM will remain on the datastore when it is removed. This parameter is only used when `state` is set to `absent`.
- `disks` (String) Disks to manage on the VM. Reducing disk size is not supported. At least one disk is required when creating a new VM. Controllers (except IDE) referenced by the `disks[].device_node` parameter must be configured in the corresponding controller section.
- `disks_detach_only` (Boolean) Whether to detach disks that are to be removed, or delete them entirely. If this is set to true, any disks that are removed will be detached from the VM but remain on the datastore. If this is set to false, any disks that are removed will be deleted from the datastore. This parameter only applies to individual disk removal. If the entire VM is being removed, this parameter is ignored and `delete_from_inventory` is used instead.
- `disks_remove_unmanaged` (Boolean) Whether to remove disks that are not specified in the `disks` parameter. If this is set to true, any disks that are not specified in the `disks` parameter will be removed. If this is set to false, the module will ignore disks that are not specified in the `disks` parameter.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `esxi_host` (String) The ESXi host on which to place the VM. This is required when creating a new VM. You cannot use this module to modify the placement of a VM once it has been created. This parameter is ignored if the VM already exists.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Destination folder, absolute or relative path to find an existing guest. Should be the full folder path, with or without the 'datacenter/vm/' prefix For example 'datacenter_name/vm/path/to/folder' or 'path/to/folder'. You cannot use this module to modify the placement of a VM once it has been created.
- `folder_paths_are_absolute` (Boolean) If true, any folder path parameters are treated as absolute paths. If false, modules will try to intelligently determine if the path is absolute or relative. This option is useful when your environment has a complex folder structure. By default, modules will try to intelligently determine if the path is absolute or relative. They may mistakenly prepend the datacenter name or other folder names, and this option can be used to avoid this.
- `guest_id` (String) The guest ID of the VM. Guest IDs are pre-defined by VMware. For example see https://developer.broadcom.com/xapis/vsphere-web-services-api/latest/vim.vm.GuestOsDescriptor.GuestOsIdentifier.html This is required when creating a new VM.
- `hardware_version` (Number) Specify the hardware version for the new VM. This value should be an integer, where the actual version is 'vmx-<value>'. This parameter is ignored if the VM already exists. Upgrading hardware version is not supported in this module. If this is not specified, the highest available hardware version will be used. Your environment must support the hardware version you specify. Specifying an unsupported hardware version will cause a vSphere error when deploying the VM.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `memory` (String) Options related to memory resource allocation. This is required when creating a new VM.
- `moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the instance to manage if known, this is a unique identifier only within a single vCenter instance. This is required if `name` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual machine to manage. Virtual machine names in vCenter are not necessarily unique, which may be problematic, see `name_match`. This is required when the VM does not exist, or if `moid` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `name_match` (String) If multiple virtual machines matching the name, use the first or last found.
- `network_adapters` (String) A list of network adapters to manage on the VM. Due to limitations in the VMware API, you cannot change the type of a network adapter once it has been created using this module. The order of this list does matter, since you cannot specify the network adapter index number in vSphere. In other words, the first network adapter in this list will always manage the network adapter assigned to index 0. The network adapter types defined in this parameter must match the types of any existing adapters on the VM, in the same order that they are specified. For example, the first adapter in this list must have the same type as the first adapter attached to the VM (if one exists). Any adapters in this list that do not exist on the VM will be created. Portgroups must already exist; this module does not create them.
- `network_adapters_remove_unmanaged` (Boolean) Whether to remove network adapters that are not specified in the `network_adapters` parameter. If this is set to true, any network adapters that are not specified in the `network_adapters` parameter will be removed. If this is set to false, the module will ignore network adapters beyond those listed in the `network_adapters` parameter. If you do not specify `network_adapters` at all, no devices will be removed regardless of the value of this parameter.
- `nvdimms` (String) A list of non-volatile DIMMs to manage on the VM. Any NVDIMMs in this list that do not exist on the VM will be created. If any NVDIMMs are specified, the module will automatically add and manage a NVDIMM controller on the VM. If you remove all NVDIMMs, the NVDIMM controller will be removed as well. You must have a PMem datastore selected for the host that the VM is running on before adding NVDIMMs to the VM.
- `nvdimms_remove_unmanaged` (Boolean) Whether to remove NVDIMMs that are not specified in the `nvdimms` parameter. If this is set to true, any NVDIMMs that are not specified in the `nvdimms` parameter will be removed. If this is set to false, the module will ignore NVDIMMs beyond those listed in the `nvdimms` parameter.
- `nvme_controllers` (String) NVMe device controllers to manage on the VM. If a controller is not specified, it will be removed from the VM. You may only specify four NVMe controllers per VM. The order of this list does not matter, i.e. you may specify bus numbers out of order and do not need to specify all bus numbers (See `nvme_controllers_remove_unmanaged`). Valid unit numbers for NVMe controllers are 0-63.
- `nvme_controllers_remove_unmanaged` (Boolean) Whether to remove NVMe controllers that are not specified in the `nvme_controllers` parameter. If this is set to true, any NVMe controllers that are not specified in the `nvme_controllers` parameter will be removed. If this is set to false, the module will ignore NVMe controllers that are not specified in the `nvme_controllers` parameter.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resource_pool` (String) The resource pool in which to place the VM. This is required when creating a new VM. You cannot use this module to modify the placement of a VM once it has been created. This parameter is ignored if the VM already exists.
- `sata_controllers` (String) SATA controllers to manage on the VM. You may only specify four SATA controllers per VM. Valid unit numbers for SATA controllers are 0-29. The order of this list does not matter, i.e. you may specify bus numbers out of order and do not need to specify all bus numbers (See `sata_controllers_remove_unmanaged`).
- `sata_controllers_remove_unmanaged` (Boolean) Whether to remove SATA controllers that are not specified in the `sata_controllers` parameter. If this is set to true, any SATA controllers that are not specified in the `sata_controllers` parameter will be removed. If this is set to false, the module will ignore SATA controllers that are not specified in the `sata_controllers` parameter.
- `scsi_controllers` (String) SCSI device controllers to manage on the VM. If a controller is not specified, it will be removed from the VM. You may only specify four SCSI controllers per VM. The order of this list does not matter, i.e. you may specify bus numbers out of order and do not need to specify all bus numbers (See `scsi_controllers_remove_unmanaged`). Valid unit numbers for SCSI controllers are 0-15, except for the reserved unit 7.
- `scsi_controllers_remove_unmanaged` (Boolean) Whether to remove SCSI controllers that are not specified in the `scsi_controllers` parameter. If this is set to true, any SCSI controllers that are not specified in the `scsi_controllers` parameter will be removed. If this is set to false, the module will ignore SCSI controllers that are not specified in the `scsi_controllers` parameter.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether to ensure the VM is present or absent.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `usb_controllers` (String) USB device controllers to manage on the VM. You may only specify two USB controllers per VM, and only one of each type. The order of this list does matter, since you cannot specify the controller/bus number in vSphere. In other words, the first controller in this list will always manage the controller assigned to bus 0. The ESXi host that the VM is running on must have the required hardware and firmware to support the USB controller type.
- `usb_controllers_remove_unmanaged` (Boolean) Whether to remove USB controllers that are not specified in the `usb_controllers` parameter. If this is set to true, any USB controllers that are not specified in the `usb_controllers` parameter will be removed. If this is set to false, the module will ignore USB controllers beyond those listed in the `usb_controllers` parameter.
- `use_instance_uuid` (Boolean) Whether to use the VMware instance UUID rather than the BIOS UUID.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the instance to manage if known, this is VMware's unique identifier. This is required if `name` or `moid` is not supplied.
- `vm_options` (String) Advanced and miscellaneous options for the VM, including things like BIOS settings, remote console settings, and encryption settings.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `changes` (String) A dictionary showing any changes in settings or devices on the VM If there are no changes, this is an empty dictionary
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `power_cycled_for_update` (Boolean) Whether the VM was powered cycled to apply the update. This is always returned, but always false for create and delete operations.
- `vm` (String) Information about the target VM
