---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_deploy_content_library_ovf Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_deploy_content_library_ovf (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cluster` (String) The name of the cluster where the VM should be deployed. Changing this option will not result in the VM being redeployed (it does not affect idempotency). One and only one of `resource_pool` or `cluster` is required.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `library_id` (String) The ID of the content library where the template exists. This is an optional parameter, but may be required if you use `template_name` and have multiple templates in different libraries with the same name. This option is mutually exclusive with `library_name`.
- `library_item_id` (String) The ID of content library template to use when deploying the VM. This option is mutually exclusive with `library_item_name`. One of either `library_item_name` or `library_item_id` is required.
- `library_item_name` (String) The name of content library template to use when deploying the VM. This option is mutually exclusive with `library_item_id`. One of either `library_item_name` or `library_item_id` is required.
- `library_name` (String) The name of the content library where the template exists. This is an optional parameter, but may be required if you use `template_name` and have multiple templates in different libraries with the same name. This option is mutually exclusive with `library_id`.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `resource_pool` (String) The name of a resource pool into which the virtual machine should be deployed. Changing this option will not result in the VM being redeployed (it does not affect idempotency). One and only one of `resource_pool` or `cluster` is required.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `storage_provisioning` (String) Default storage provisioning type to use for all sections of type vmw:StorageSection in the OVF descriptor.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vm` (String) Identifying information about the vm
