---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_cluster_dpm Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_cluster_dpm (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster` (String) The name of the cluster to be managed.
- `datacenter` (String) The name of the datacenter.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `automation_level` (String) Determines whether the host power state and migration recommendations generated by vSphere DPM are run automatically or manually. If set to `manual`, then vCenter generates host power operation and related virtual machine migration recommendations are made, but they are not automatically run. If set to `automatic`, then vCenter host power operations are automatically run if related virtual machine migrations can all be run automatically.
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable` (Boolean) Whether to enable DPM.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `recommendation_priority_threshold` (Number) Threshold for generated host power recommendations ranging from `1` (most conservative) to `5` (most aggressive). The power state (host power on or off) recommendations generated by the vSphere DPM feature are assigned priorities that range from priority `1` recommendations to priority `5` recommendations. A priority `1` recommendation is mandatory, while a priority `5` recommendation brings only slight improvement
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `result` (String) Information about the DPM config update task, if something changed If nothing changed, an empty dictionary is returned
