---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_vm_apply_customization Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_vm_apply_customization (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `global_dns` (String) The global DNS configuration to apply to the VM. These apply to any network adapter this is not explicitly configured.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `cloud_init` (String) The cloud-init configuration to apply to the VM. Only applicable for Linux guests. The OS must already have cloud-init and perl installed. One and only one of `existing_spec_name`, `cloud_init`, `windows_sysprep`, or `unix_prep` must be specified.
- `datacenter` (String) The datacenter in which to search for the VM.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `existing_spec_name` (String) The name of the existing customization specification in vSphere to apply to the VM. One and only one of `existing_spec_name`, `cloud_init`, `windows_sysprep`, or `unix_prep` must be specified.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `folder` (String) Destination folder, absolute or relative path to find an existing guest. Should be the full folder path, with or without the 'datacenter/vm/' prefix For example 'datacenter_name/vm/path/to/folder' or 'path/to/folder'. You cannot use this module to modify the placement of a VM once it has been created.
- `folder_paths_are_absolute` (Boolean) If true, any folder path parameters are treated as absolute paths. If false, modules will try to intelligently determine if the path is absolute or relative. This option is useful when your environment has a complex folder structure. By default, modules will try to intelligently determine if the path is absolute or relative. They may mistakenly prepend the datacenter name or other folder names, and this option can be used to avoid this.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `moid` (String) Managed Object ID of the instance to manage if known, this is a unique identifier only within a single vCenter instance. This is required if `name` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual machine to manage. Virtual machine names in vCenter are not necessarily unique, which may be problematic, see `name_match`. This is required when the VM does not exist, or if `moid` or `uuid` is not supplied.
- `name_match` (String) If multiple virtual machines matching the name, use the first or last found.
- `nic_specific_settings` (String) Specify settings for specific network adapters. This setting is required if `use_dhcpv4_for_all_nics` is false or unspecified. If this setting is used, you need to specify an item in this list for all network adapters on your VM due to VMware's API requirements.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `unix_prep` (String) The Unix Prep configuration to apply to the VM. Only applicable for Linux guests. The OS must already have perl installed. One and only one of `existing_spec_name`, `cloud_init`, `windows_sysprep`, or `unix_prep` must be specified.
- `use_dhcpv4_for_all_nics` (Boolean) If true, DHCPv4 will be used for all network adapters on the VM. If false, you must specify all adapters in `nic_specific_settings` due to VMware's API requirements.
- `use_instance_uuid` (Boolean) Whether to use the VMware instance UUID rather than the BIOS UUID.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the instance to manage if known, this is VMware's unique identifier. This is required if `name` or `moid` is not supplied.
- `windows_sysprep` (String) The Windows Sysprep configuration to apply to the VM. Only applicable for Windows guests. One and only one of `existing_spec_name`, `cloud_init`, `windows_sysprep`, or `unix_prep` must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vm` (String) Information about the target VM
