---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_tag_associations Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_tag_associations (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `object_type` (String) The type of the object to manage.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `object_moid` (String) The managed object ID (MOID) of the object to manage. One of `object_moid` or `object_name` is required.
- `object_name` (String) The name of the object to manage. One of `object_moid` or `object_name` is required.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `remove_extra_tags` (Boolean) Whether to remove tags that are not in the list of tags to manage. If `state` is set to `absent`, all tags will be removed.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) Whether ensure the tags are present or absent on the object.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `validate_tags_before_attaching` (Boolean) Whether to validate the tags before attaching them to the object. If true, additional API calls will be made to validate the tags exist and can be applied to the type of object specified. If a tag fails validation, an error will be raised. If false, the tags will be attached to the object without validation. This is faster, but may result in the module reporting changes every time. This is due to the module attempting to attach the tag, and vSphere simply ignoring the invalid request.

### Read-Only

- `added_tags` (String) A list of tag IDs that were added to the object.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `object` (String) A dictionary containing details about the object that was managed.
- `removed_tags` (String) A list of tag IDs that were removed from the object.
