---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_appliance_networking_interfaces_ipv6 Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vmware_vmware_rest_appliance_networking_interfaces_ipv6 (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `addresses` (String) The list of addresses to be statically assigned. This parameter is mandatory. Valid attributes are:  - `address` (str): The IPv6 address, for example, fc00:10:20:83:20c:29ff:fe94:bb5a. (['set'])    This key is required with ['set'].  - `prefix` (int): The IPv6 CIDR prefix, for example, 64. (['set'])    This key is required with ['set'].
- `autoconf` (Boolean) An address will be assigned by Stateless Address Autoconfiguration (SLAAC). This parameter is mandatory.
- `default_gateway` (String) The default gateway for static IP address assignment. This configures the global IPv6 default gateway on the appliance with the specified gateway address and interface. This gateway replaces the existing default gateway configured on the appliance. However, if the gateway address is link-local, then it is added for that interface. This does not support configuration of multiple global default gateways through different interfaces. This parameter is mandatory.
- `dhcp` (Boolean) An address will be assigned by a DHCP server. This parameter is mandatory.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `interface_name` (String) Network interface to update, for example, "nic0". The parameter must be the id of a resource returned by `vmware.vmware_rest.appliance_networking_interfaces_info`. This parameter is mandatory.
- `vcenter_hostname` (String) The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_HOST` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_password` (String) The vSphere vCenter password If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_PASSWORD` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_username` (String) The vSphere vCenter username If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_USER` will be used instead.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `session_timeout` (Number) Timeout settings for client session.  The maximal number of seconds for the whole operation including connection establishment, request sending and response.  The default value is 300s.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String)
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `vcenter_rest_log_file` (String) You can use this optional parameter to set the location of a log file.  This file will be used to record the HTTP REST interaction.  The file will be stored on the host that runs the module.  If the value is not specified in the task, the value of  environment variable `VMWARE_REST_LOG_FILE` will be used instead.
- `vcenter_validate_certs` (Boolean) Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to `false` when certificates are not trusted. If the value is not specified in the task, the value of environment variable `VMWARE_VALIDATE_CERTS` will be used instead.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `failed_when_result` (Number) Set the IPv6 network information of nic99 (which does not exist)
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `msg` (String) Set the IPv6 network information of nic99 (which does not exist)
