---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vultr_cloud_dns_record Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vultr_cloud_dns_record (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain` (String) The domain the record is related to.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `data` (String) Data of the record. Required if `state=present`.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `multiple` (Boolean) Whether to use more than one record with similar *name* including no name and *type*. Only allowed for a few record types, e.g. `type=A`, `type=NS` or `type=MX`. *data* will not be updated, instead it is used as a key to find existing records.
- `name` (String) The record name.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `priority` (Number) Priority of the record.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) State of the DNS record.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `ttl` (Number) TTL of the record.
- `type` (String) Type of the record.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `dns_record` (String) Response from Vultr API.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `vultr_api` (String) Response from Vultr API with a few additions/modification.
