---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_vyos_vyos_vyos_firewall_interfaces Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_vyos_vyos_vyos_firewall_interfaces (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `config` (String) A list of firewall rules options for interfaces.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `running_config` (String) The module, by default, will connect to the remote device and retrieve the current running-config to use as a base for comparing against the contents of source. There are times when it is not desirable to have the task get the current running-config for every task in a playbook.  The *running_config* argument allows the implementer to pass in the configuration to use as the base config for comparison. This value of this option should be the output received from device by executing command `show configuration commands | grep 'firewall'`.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `state` (String) The state the configuration should be left in.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `after` (String) The resulting configuration after module execution.
- `before` (String) The configuration prior to the module execution.
- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `commands` (String) The set of commands pushed to the remote device.
- `gathered` (String) Facts about the network resource gathered from the remote device as structured data.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `parsed` (String) The device native config provided in *running_config* option parsed into structured data as per module argspec.
- `rendered` (String) The provided configuration in the task rendered in device-native format (offline).
