---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_wait_for_connection Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_wait_for_connection (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connect_timeout` (Number) Maximum number of seconds to wait for a connection to happen before closing and retrying.
- `delay` (Number) Number of seconds to wait before starting to poll.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (Map of String) Environment variables set for the task (map of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `sleep` (Number) Number of seconds to sleep between checks.
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (Map of String) Arbitrary map of string values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `elapsed` (Number) The number of seconds that elapsed waiting for the connection to appear.
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
