---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_wait_for Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_wait_for (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `active_connection_states` (String) The list of TCP connection states which are counted as active connections.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `connect_timeout` (Number) Maximum number of seconds to wait for a connection to happen before closing and retrying.
- `delay` (Number) Number of seconds to wait before starting to poll.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `exclude_hosts` (String) List of hosts or IPs to ignore when looking for active TCP connections for V(drained) state.
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `host` (String) A resolvable hostname or IP address to wait for.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `msg` (String) This overrides the normal error message from a failure to meet the required conditions.
- `path` (String) Path to a file on the filesystem that must exist before continuing. O(path) and O(port) are mutually exclusive parameters.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (Number) Port number to poll. O(path) and O(port) are mutually exclusive parameters.
- `search_regex` (String) Can be used to match a string in either a file or a socket connection. Defaults to a multiline regex. When inspecting a system log file and a static string, remember that Ansible by default logs its own actions there; see the notes and examples for information.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `sleep` (Number) Number of seconds to sleep between checks. Before Ansible 2.3 this was hardcoded to 1 second.
- `state` (String) Either V(present), V(started), or V(stopped), V(absent), or V(drained). When checking a port V(started) will ensure the port is open, V(stopped) will check that it is closed, V(drained) will check for active connections. When checking for a file or a search string V(present) or V(started) will ensure that the file or string is present before continuing, V(absent) will check that file is absent or removed.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `elapsed` (Number) The number of seconds that elapsed while waiting
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
- `match_groupdict` (String) Dictionary containing all the named subgroups of the match, keyed by the subgroup name, as returned by U(https://docs.python.org/3/library/re.html#re.Match.groupdict)
- `match_groups` (String) Tuple containing all the subgroups of the match as returned by U(https://docs.python.org/3/library/re.html#re.Match.groups)
