---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_wti_remote_cpm_snmp_config Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_wti_remote_cpm_snmp_config (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cpm_password` (String) This is the Password of the WTI device to send the module.
- `cpm_url` (String) This is the URL of the WTI device to send the module.
- `cpm_username` (String) This is the Username of the WTI device to send the module.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against
- `interface` (String) The ethernet port for the SNMP we are defining.

### Optional

- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `authpass` (String) Sets the Authentication Password for SNMPv3 (V3 only).
- `authpriv` (String) Configures the Authentication and Privacy features for SNMPv3 communication, 0 = Auth/NoPriv, 1 = Auth/Priv (V3 only).
- `authproto` (String) Which authentication protocol will be used, 0 = MD5, 1 = SHA1 (V3 only).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clear` (Number) Removes all the users for the protocol being defined before setting the newly defined entries.
- `contact` (String) The name of the administrator responsible for SNMP issues.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `enable` (Number) The activates SNMP polling for the specified interface and protocol.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `index` (String) Index of the user being modified (V3 only).
- `location` (String) The location of the SNMP Server.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `privpass` (String) Sets the Privacy Password for SNMPv3 (V3 only) (V3 only).
- `privproto` (String) Which privacy protocol will be used, 0 = DES, 1 = AES128 (V3 only).
- `protocol` (Number) The protocol that the SNMP entry should be applied. 0 = ipv4, 1 = ipv6.
- `readonly` (Number) Controls the ability to change configuration parameters with SNMP.
- `rocommunity` (String) Read Only Community Password, not used for SNMP V3.
- `rwcommunity` (String) Read/Write Community Password, not used for SNMP V3.
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `systemname` (String) The hostname of the WTI Device.
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_https` (Boolean) Designates to use an https connection or http connection.
- `use_proxy` (Boolean) Flag to control if the lookup will observe HTTP proxy environment variables when present.
- `username` (String) Sets the User Name for SNMPv3 access (V3 only).
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If false, SSL certificates will not be validated. This should only be used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates.
- `version` (Number) Defined which version of SNMP the device will respond to 0 = V1/V2 Only, 1 = V3 Only, 2 = V1/V2/V3.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) The output JSON returned from the commands sent
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
