---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terrible_wti_remote_cpm_syslog_client_config Resource - terrible"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# terrible_wti_remote_cpm_syslog_client_config (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cpm_password` (String) This is the Password of the WTI device to send the module.
- `cpm_url` (String) This is the URL of the WTI device to send the module.
- `cpm_username` (String) This is the Username of the WTI device to send the module.
- `host_id` (String) ID of the `terrible_host` to run this task against

### Optional

- `address` (String) Sets the IP Address of the SYSLOG server to contact.
- `async_seconds` (Number) Run the task asynchronously, timing out after this many seconds. 0 = synchronous (default).
- `changed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered changed (e.g. 'false').
- `clear` (Number) Removes all the IP block entries for the protocol being defined before setting the newly defined entries.
- `delegate_to_id` (String) ID of another terrible_host to delegate execution to.
- `environment` (String) Environment variables set for the task (dict of name→value).
- `failed_when` (String) Jinja2 expression that overrides when the task is considered failed.
- `ignore_errors` (Boolean) When true, a failed task does not raise a Terraform error.
- `index` (String) Index of the IP block being modified.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Polling interval in seconds when async_seconds > 0. Defaults to 15.
- `port` (String) Defines the port number used by the SYSLOG Client (1 - 65535).
- `protocol` (Number) The protocol that the SYSLOG entry should be applied. 0 = ipv4, 1 = ipv6.
- `secure` (String) Defines if a secure connection is used by the SYSLOG Client (TCP Transport required).
- `skip_tags` (String) Skip tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `tags` (String) Run only tasks with these Ansible tags (list of strings).
- `timeout` (Number) Override the default execution timeout (seconds). Defaults to 300.
- `transport` (String) Defines the transfer protocol type used by the SYSLOG Client. 0=UDP, 1=TCP;
- `triggers` (String) Arbitrary map of values; any change triggers task re-execution
- `use_https` (Boolean) Designates to use an https connection or http connection.
- `use_proxy` (Boolean) Flag to control if the lookup will observe HTTP proxy environment variables when present.
- `validate_certs` (Boolean) If false, SSL certificates will not be validated. This should only be used on personally controlled sites using self-signed certificates.

### Read-Only

- `changed` (Boolean) Whether the task reported a change
- `data` (String) The output JSON returned from the commands sent
- `id` (String) Unique task resource ID
